At one point during this Royal Shakespeare Production actorAnthony Sher recites blank verse upside down while suspended above the stage, clutching a rope with only one leg. What was the name of this play?
What are the last three words printed on screen in the Devo video "Whip It"?
What is the name of the dog that belongs to the boy on the Cracker Jack box?
Gilda Radner became famous on TV's Saturday Night Live in the 1970's for portraying Rosanne Rosanadanna, a news commentator who always ended up telling disgusting stories instead of the news. What disgusting thing did Rosanne reveal about Cheryl Tiegs, a supermodel who she supposedly met at J.C. Penny's?
On June 25th, 1993 David Letterman hosted his final evening of Late Night on NBC. What is the exact wording of number 8 from that night's Top Ten List?
What is the name of the smallest distillery in Scotland?
Up until Les Aspin became Sec. of Defense, he always bought Danish Kringle for his Washington cronies as a gift. From what bakery did he always buy the Kringle, and in what town is it located?
Who operated the robotic arm that first captured the Hubble Telescope and pulled it into the space shuttle Cargo Bay?
In Conan the Destroyer, Grace Jones starred as a feral, high-spirited bandit woman. What was her name?
How did Russian spies Harry Gold And David Greenglass identify themselves to each other when they first met?
In The Never Ending Story, what was the name of the wolf like evil creature?
In 1993, 2 men in Japan made $96,000 selling what items in vending machines?
Mook visited the Wriston Art Center earlier this year. What are the 3 basic goals of this WI based multi-media performance group, as advertised in the evening's program?
What do Diane Sawyer, David Letterman, Dick Van Dyke, and Raquel Welch have in common?
Name the terrier that played Toto in The Wizard of Oz.
In 1991, mountain climbers in the Italian alps made a startling discovery: a 5,000 year old dead body, frozen, complete with personal effects including shoes, bow, copper axe and leather clothing. This "Iceman," also had curious tattoos on parts of his body. Where were the tattoos located?
Grand Master Dale is standing on the 50 yard line (or thereabouts) of the Banta Bowl. Go to him and he will give you a cool item and save further instructions. You have ½ hour to get there and back to line of Death, and we will keep asking questions—so send people sparingly!
According to Leonard Nimoy, what sort of toes does Bilbo Baggins have?
Name the 6th ingredient in peanut M&M's
Who was Deal-a-Meal Tycoon Richard Simmons' college art teacher?
Who directed the original 1931 film version of Bram Stoker's Dracula?
What was George Lucas' first film?
In the movie Return of the Jedi, what Yoda's last complete sentence while he is dying?
In order to appear on the TV quiz show "The $64,000 Question," psychologist Dr. Joyce Brothers took it upon herself to become an expert in a secondary field, so that she might appear more interesting to the viewing audience. What became her newfound interest?
In what city and state is the world's largest privately owned collection of Coca-Cola memorabilia housed?
In Conrad's Heart of Darkness, a lighthouse is visible from the good ship Nellie. What is its name?
A recent study of Wisconsin men has indicated that virility has not diminished in the past 10 years, which is contrary to theories that semen quality deteriorates in industrialized nations. For ___ trivia points, who are the individuals who did this report, and in what magazine was it first published in?
His Excellency, The Right Honorable Ramon Hnatyshyn, P.C., Q.C., Governor General of Canada is the Honorary patron of what organization?
In the London Hard Rock Café, what piece of memorabilia is to the upper right of the South Exit?
In the film The Princess Bride, what is the 1st order Buttercup gives Wesley in the beginning of the film?
In the movie Jumpin' Jack Flash, there is a guard at the beauty parlor—what is his name?
What famous castle in England was damaged by fire in Nov. 1992?
On the Run DMC video, "Christmas in Hollis" (Queens), the intrepid trio find a personal belonging of Santa Claus in the park. What is it?
What is significant about Robert Watts' Fluxuo clock (which appeared in the Spirit of Fluxus traveling exhibit)?
As televangelist Billy Graham faces retirement, his eldest son, Franklin is being considered for the role of "heir" to the Graham ministry. Franklin has always been a bit of a rebel, and this is one example of this "spirit" that he admitted to during an ACB interview: he once helped a friend chop down a tree in his yard with a what?
For a mere $5, one can purchase what choice souvenir from the L.A. coroner's office gift shop?
What country has the highest per capita consumption of Coca-Cola?
In the Violent Femmes song, "American Music," for what does the singer need a date?
What was Confederate Jenny Smith arrested for during the Civil War?
In the 1979 Italian Sci-Fi Star Wars rip-off movie, Star Crash, the heroine of the film (Stella Star) is sent by the Galactic Emperor on a mission. The mission is to rescue his only begotten (and very handsome) son Simon. Who played Simon?
On the Muppet Show featuring flutist Jean-Pierre Rampal, what invention did Dr. Bunsen Honeydew introduce?
What was the name of that weird card game they always seemed to be playing on TV's Battlestar Galactica?
In the fabulous adventure film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, what was the name of the actor who ate the eels at the dinner party?
On November 24, 1993, Jay Leno concocted a drink and attempted to market it. What was its name, and what was it made of?
According to the Plaque on the front of the chapel, what is the complete name of the second person the building was dedicated to, and what are that person's birth and death dates?
Steve Martin and Dan Akroyd became famous in the '70's for portraying two "WILD &CRAZY" Czechoslovakian brothers who were always trying to get American "chicks" into bed with them. What were the brothers' full names (first and last)?
What was the name of that annoying parrot in "For Your Eyes Only"?
In Wagner's "Parsifal" what was the name of the sorcerer who stole the Holy Spear from King Amfortas?
Myth surrounded the lives of ancient peoples. What hybrid animal did Bellerephon, with Athena's help, capture at the site of ancient Corinth?
Who is the only person named Oscar to have won an Oscar?
Who was the only president known to appear in the role of Desdemona in Shakespeare's Othello?
In the Prisoner episode "Living in Harmony," what kind of beer does the saloon serve?
Who was the best boy for the movie Sniper?
What two 1970's teen stars boxed themselves into bloody pulps for charity on Jan. 17th, 1994?
Who played "Taps" at the 52nd year memorial (on Dec. 7, 1993) of the attack on Pearl Harbor at the USS Arizona memorial?
Who wrote The Courting of Dinah Shadd in 1891?
What is the rarest coffee in the world?
What magazine is Dr. Frederick Frankenstein reading on the train to New York in the early part of the movie Young Frankenstein?
At the time of the Tet Offensive of 1968, who was the U.S. Ambassador to South Vietnam?
Who sculpted the Statue of Liberty?
In the movie Under Siege, what was item 1 on the posted Galley Menu?
What is the oldest malt scotch whisky distillery in Scotland?
What substance takes away Handi-Man's powers on TV's In Living Color?
In the Prison episode "The Girl who was Death," what is number 6 poisoned with?
What is the original name of the tune sung to "America the Beautiful," and who wrote it?
Who was the key grip in Conan the Destroyer?
In the movie Rocky, what are the names of Rocky's 2 pet turtles?
Who is considered to be the father of modern dentistry?
In the 1950's, who opened one of the first Saab dealerships in East Falmouth, MA?
Massachusetts grows 42% of the world's what?
In the movie Percy, the main character (Percy) has an operation. What kind of operation is it?
On TV's the Partridge Family, Keith decides to make a spoof of an early 70's absurdist art film featuring Mr. Kincaid dressed as a what?
In the first Wayne's World film, Wayne and Garth cruise past "Spindle 1989," a towering impalement of several scrapped autos. This Dustin Shuler sculpture is located in the parking lot of the Cermak Plaza shopping complex in Berwyn, IL. Between what two parking aisles does this awesome tower of funk reside?
This is the English translation to which country's national anthem:May thy peaceful reign last longMay it last for thousands of yearsUntil this tiny stone will grow into a massive rockAnd the moss will cover it all thick and deep
A Paris auction in December of 1925 claimed to have "the most unique book in the whole world" up for sale. In the center of the front cover was a butterfly with wings extended, each wing measuring an inch. According to a description sheet accompanying the book at the auction, what about the butterfly made the book so unique?
In September '93 Dr. Keith Dale Rose resigned from his hospital post and left town after pleading guilty to public indecency. Apparently, two female neighbors reported seeing Dr. Rose emerge from his apartment naked, gagged, and with his hands tied above his head. What additional curiosity did they notice?
In Conan the Destroyer, the villains in the movie wanted to awaken "the Dreaming God," known by his proper name as what?
According to famous photographer Alfred Eizenstadt, who was his least favorite subject and why?
In the movie the Blues Brothers, what is the license plate of the Blues mobile?
In making Jurassic Park, Stephen Spielberg strove for accuracy. What did he ask consultant Don Lessem for (specific item)?
Before the Revolutionary War, there was some talk that George Washington had an affair. Shortly thereafter, a play based on the alleged scandal was produced. What was the name of the play, and on what day was it first produced?
On Matthew Sweet's Girlfriend album, the static of a record out groove follows the song "Evangeline." Where was the static taken from?
Who invented Thousand Island Dressing?
What college fraternity did Steve Dallas, of Bloom County fame, belong to?
Trivia Master Kent is in one of the racquetball courts. Find him and follow his instructions.Shut Out
Finish this line from the poem "My Valentine" by J.M. Anderson:And though she only stares and wearsThe most aristocratic airsI guess its owing to her style of dressFor I am but a ______ ?"
Which Roman Emperor is recorded as the first European male to wear silk?
Who was the first man to perform a somersault on the flying trapeze?
In the film The Princess Bride, what is Count Rugen's last name?
In Benjamin Patterson's A Short History of 20th Centruy Art, part of the "Spirit of Fluxus" exhibit, the following slogan is made up in children's blocks: "Since Merce Cunningham, this is dance." What is dance? Or, what subject is placed under the slogan?
The sight of what provoked Homer Simpson to remark, "hmmm…hogfat"?
What was the nickname of the USS Constellation, a frigate built in Shut Out 1797 and used for various purposes by the Navy until the end of WWII?
If you lose something of importance of the NYC subway, good luck finding it. But, if you must call someone, what's the lost and found number?
According to Prof. Brackenridge, what is Prof. Chaney's favorite pub?
As part of a national advertising campaign, CAPCOM has released a limited edition promotional video for the SEGA Genesis release of its videogame, Street Fighter 2, The Champion Edition. What actor plays the annoying teenage host of the video?
What was the most expensive book ever purchased, and how much did it cost?
What did the 1992 US Men's Olympic Volleyball team do in order to protest a decision by Olympic officials which lost them a match?
For the week of Feb 8, 1974, who did the Lawrentian declare as its Athlete of the Week?
In the basement of London's Hard Rock Café, column B displays memorabilia from 3 different people. Who are they?
In what year was the first live belch heard on National Radio, and by whom was it "given"?
What was Battlestar Galactica originally titled?
In 1991, mountain climbers in the Italian Alps made a startling discovery: a 5,000 year old dead body, frozen along with dozens of personal effects, including shoes, bow and arrows, flint pieces, and dried mushrooms. When removed from the ice, Austrian authorities (thinking he was a dead climber) accidentally chiseled off his genitalia. Who was the Austrian Medical Examiner who supervised the removal?
In 1977, Bathtub (or Badewanne), a sculpture by Joseph Bewys, became the subject of a German court case. Apparently, the German Social Democratic party decided to put the sculpture to a new use. How did they abuse it?
What was the subject of Herbert Hoover's letter to American General Henry T. Allen, dated Oct. 30, 1923?
What was the name of the only work by Edgar Allen Poe that was republished during his lifetime?
In what country are there both lions and tigers found in nature?
In what months are most polar bears born?
What was the name of Tony Baker's (Anton Bächer) Doberman in the Wim Wenders film, Faraway, So Close?
In what year and month did Lord Byron die?
What is the name of the in-house musical group on the kids' game show, "Where in the World is Carmen San Diego?"
In the DC Comics series called Captain Marvel what do the letters in the magic word SHAZAM stand for?
On June 25th, 1993, David Letterman hosted his final evening of Late Night on NBC. During the show, they showed a video clip from 1986 in which David attempted to deliver a gift to the GE building. He, of course, was denied access to the building. What item was he trying to bring in?
Myth surrounded the lives of ancient peoples. Who is the legendary slayer of the Gorgon Medusa?
In the film the Princess Bride, what was the Miracle Max's wife?
Name the members of FEAR.
Find Trivia Master Pete in Downer dining room C for further instructions. Thrown Out
What instruments does Mark Dresser play on Tim Burns' Fractured Fairy Tales album?
The gypsy robe is a robe that is traditionally passed from show to show on Broadway on their opening nights. When did this start, and with what show?
What Milwaukee establishment advertises itself as having bad service and killer coffee?
What did Lyle Linch of Phoenix, Arizona make?
One of the major characters in the Scorsese film After Hours (1985) is a film fanatic. What does he scream during sexual climax?
What is the secret identity of Bart Simpson's favorite hero, Radioactive Man?
The walls of the Tower of London vary in thickness from 15 feet at the base to 11 feet at the top. What are the names of the types of stones used?
According to a current table text, Jeremy Lynch, a student in Toronto claimed he could do what in the chemical laden water of Lake Ontario?
Hayden Fox of ABC's Coach is a member of what fraternity?
Where is Kikkoman Soy Sauce brewed?
For the 1994-94 school year, 105 post-secondary institutions will be allowed to try a new government loan program designed to reduce paperwork. What two Wisconsin institutions have been chosen?
Who are the two authors and what is the name of the book that has the following advertisement: "In this fascinating volume, two specialists in the history of costume bring impressive scholarship to an intriguing subject and describe their findings in a delightful, often humorous style. The result is a detailed, informative study of English underclothes that is a pleasure to read or browse through… Enhancing the meticulously and documented text are more than one hundred period illustrations and photographs depicting a wide variety of intimate garments: a laced up bodice of the 12th century, embroidered linen drawers of the 16th century, a hooped petticoat support in bentwood (c. 1750) and many more"?
Where was British early 80's New-Wave-Snyth-Pop pioneer Thomas Dolby born?
Where is the world's only mustard museum and how many varieties of mustard does it house?
On May 15, 1591 in the courtyard of a palace in Uglich (a town some 200 kilometers north of Moscow) a young man was found dying. Who was he, and what was he dying of?
"Rainbow Tactile Room Environment" was a piece completed by the artist Ay-O for the "Spirit of Fluxus" exhibit. As it was installed at the Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art, what happens when you put your in the 3rd box from the right, 2nd down?
What is the traditional Christmas dinner main course in Prague?
Who sponsored the 1994 Gator Bowl?
Houdini Elementary School in Appleton was dedicated in 1988. What was the name of Harry Houdini's relative who attended the ceremony, and what relation to Houdini was this person?
Who played Skippy on TV's Family Ties?
Performer Vinnie D'Amico acquired fame on the now defunct Howard Stern show. What did he do on the show?
What ticket broker charged (illegally) up to $200 for a ticket to a Barney the Dinosaur show in New York?
Recently a Green River Community College student was sentenced to 5 years probation and 4,000 hours of community service in US District Court for the manufacture and distribution of counterfeit steroids. What was the other, rather unusual, part of the sentence?
In the Ren & Stimpy episode "Haunted House," what are the four ingredients of the sandwich they make?
In the movie Back to the Future, Michael J. Fox goes back to the 1950's, discovering that the 1980's town porno movie theatre is showing an old Ronald Reagan movie. What movie was the town theatre showing in the 50's?
Later this year, Branford Marsalis is going to release an album which as yet has no official title. What is its working title?
Buster Crabbe, known for his exciting portrayal of Flash Gordon, was a gold medalist at the 1932 Olympics. What specific event did he medal in?
While in Little Rock, AR over the Christmas holidays Bill Clinton went bowling with some friends. What was the Commander in Chief's score?
One young man, upon meeting President Clinton, remarked, "meeting him, shaking his hand—it was overwhelming. It was better than sex. Of course, I haven't had sex before, but I'm sure it was better." Who was he?
When the President and his family returned from a Christmas day viewing of the Will Rodgers Follies, what did Chelsea Clinton do on the White House lawn?
What well-known local political figure said this in Oct. 1976: "I draw the line at the dog food commercial. I will not do the dog food commercial"?
In the song "Dr. Stein" by German heavy metal band Helloween, what is the second thing that Dr. Stein's creature's become?
The earliest psychiatric clinic was located in the home of Reverend John Ashbourne in Suffolk, England. Ashbourne's skill at curing the mad was renowned; what unfortunate circumstance brought about the closure of the clinic (in 1661)?
What do the party-hearty sorority girls in the movie Mugsy's Girls do to earn money to save their sorority? Please be specific.
Friday, April 30, 1971 was the day that ended Earth Week. In the midst of pouring rain, crowds gathered together up and down Madison Ave (Manhattan) in an event that had nothing whatsoever to do with our environment. What were they doing together?
071-638-8891 is the telephone number to book seats for what famous London theatre?
If an American changes his/her address there is a 2 in 5 chance he/she will change what else?
Who was the head basketball coach of Fenn College (now Cleveland State University) in the 1952-53 season?
Who joined the monastic order on the Isle of Skye at age 16 and then at age 20 left the monastery to become an actor?
While filming the blockbuster sci-fi flop Dune, for producer Dino deLaurentis, director David Lynch made sure that 5 whats were in his office at all times?
In the movie The Piranha Women and the Avocado Jungle of Death, what is the name of the male tribe lining in the Avocado jungle?
What question did the Trivia Masters object to in the 1993 Lawrence International Mastermind contest (make sure no older master has already used this question)?
What is the only county in Wisconsin to have 2 courthouses?
What famous actor donated $10,000 in 1984 to build the Beaver Dam Public Library?
Where in Wisconsin can you find a six legged frog, an eight legged pig, and the original translation of the Winnebago Bible?
If you lived in Janesville and drove your motorcycle up to Appleton, you'd probably spend most of your time on Route 26. Along the way, you would not only pass the Shalom Presbyterian Church, but a towering red sculpture consisting of 70 varying but interrelated forms of steel. Who is responsible for this monstrosity, what title does it bear, and where is it located?
Perhaps one of the biggest lakes in Wisconsin is Lake Winnebago. What did the Winnebago Indians call Lake Winnebago?
Who is the Fox Valley Chiropractic Society member in Black Creek, Wisconsin?
According to the Hwy 151 sign, how many Busy Beavers live in Beaver Dam, WI?
In down town Plymouth, WI there is a larger-than-life statue of a cow. What is her name?
What Wisconsin town, in proportion to its population, suffered the most from Asiatic Cholera, an epidemic which struck in the mid-19th century?
One of the most uninteresting towns in Wisconsin is Manitowoc Rapids. On March 4, 1839 the first recorded election in Manitowoc County took place here. In whose house did this historic event take place?
Give the name of the man about whom Harry Houdini wrote the following words in a letter to this man's daughter dated January 4, 1916: "I will never forget him or your mother"?
Of all Lawrence's courses of study, both in the Con and the College, how many department chairs are women and which departments do they chair?
Jan. 22-24, 1964 LU performed The Marriage of Figaro. Who played the part of Figaro?
On Nov. 7, 1964 LU's Phi Beta Pi and Delta Tau Delta held a theme party. The dance was semi-formal and a jazz combo provided the music. Students and faculty were all invited. What was the theme of this annual party?
In the 1973 Fox Valley Renaissance Fair, who were the two masterminds playing against each other in the Human Chess Match?
What prof. at Govt. from Harvard University was the keynote speaker at a symposium on US foreign policy held at LU on Dec. 3, 1964?
Name the 4 things that Gongor tells Tobi that Julia Roberts is now D&D teaser trying to avoid, in the mall.
Who, at his annual Christmas party, remarked "that's why they call me 'tyrannosaurus sex'" and why?
The most popular candy bar in Russia is what?
In the movie "SSSNAKE," a mad scientist is so obsessed with making sure that "snakes shall inherit the earth," that he mutates a human into a giant snake. Who plays this giant snake?
Who played the dancing "Bee girl" in the Blind Melon video "No Rain"?
On November 14, 1993, Conan O'Brien had a theory that this cartoon character was adopted. Who was the character?
Last evening, one of Appleton's finest investigated action question A. What type of vehicle was the very nice officer driving?
Who played "Gurney Halleck" in Dune the movie?
What establishment is located at the corner of 2nd and Pierce in Milwaukee and what items dangle from the ceiling of this establishment?
What is the main ingredient in Manhattan style clam chowder that is not in Boston style clam chowder?
In Leonard Bernstein's Mass, after the celebrant breaks the chalice in which is held the wine for the communion service, what is the first thing he says?
What Beatles record is included in the Nam June Paik sculptureShut Out Schallplatterschaschik (or Random Access), realized in 1979?
In the movie Full Metal Jacket, what piece of contraband is found in Private Piles footlocker?
Herman Mankiewicz was an acknowledged genius in the early screenwriting industry, but his irreverence for the medium occasionally landed him in trouble. He was once punished for his attitude by being assigned to a Rin Tin Tin picture. How did he retaliate?
In the movie Basket Case, the hero of the film carries around a basket with something scary inside. What's in the basket?
In the movie Schlock, a killer gorilla goes on the rampage after watching The Blob in a theatre, and not liking the ending. During his rampage, a radio station offers a reward to listeners if they can do what?
Who was the first person to die in an electric chair?
During the filming of Fritz Lang's film M, actor Peter Lorre shamefully admitted that he could not perform one critical aspect of his role as the child murderer. It was Fritz Lang who filled in for Lorre in these parts of the film. What did Lang do which Lorre could not?
On the evening before he was to be stoned to death, what did Matthias, son of Deuteronomy of Gath have for supper?
In perhaps the greatest horror movie of all time, Friday the 13th Part II, how did Jason kill the sole survivor from the first movie?
After a box marked "hazardous" fell off the conveyor belt at an Aurora, IL postal facility, spilling its contents over the floor, 23 workers reported to the emergency room complaining of nausea and throat irritation. What did a lab report later establish as the hazardous liquid?
In what month do the greatest number of Americans die?
What instrument did Jeffery Dahmer play in high school band?
What was the profession of Typhoid Mary?
Who created Barney the Dinosaur (cause enough for death)?
Who's last words, before being beheaded, were that she would rather have died the wife of Thomas Culpepper?
What crashed through the roof of Leroy and Gerri Cinnamon's home? Where did it originate from?
Inventor Norman Williams is responsible for making a new type of gun—one that combines a pistol with a what?
Who'd death is described in this manner: "He took the sword…and thrust it into his belly; and the hilt also went in after the blade, and the fat closed over the blade, for he did not draw the sword out of his belly; and the dirt came out"?
Note: Find Rob to read this; it is his and is confusing On Tuesday December 22, 1993 the US 7th Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a Sep. '92 ruling concerning James Free. James Free terrorized and murdered an Elmhurst, IL woman in 1978, and for this was placed on death row. In the 1993 ruling, James Free lost his argument that the jury instructions in death penalty cases were too confusing for jurors to understand. In the '93 ruling, the US 7th Circuit Court decided that a study conducted by Univ. of Chicago Law Professor Hans Ziesel was flawed, and a study which was used by Free's attorneys and which led to the original decision that the instructions were too confusing. What flaw did the US 7th Circuit Court find in Prof. Hans Ziesel's study? (Summary: James Free was convicted and sentenced to death. In 1992 his sentence was overturned, due to evidence presented by Hans Ziesel. In 1993, Ziesel's study was found to be flawed. Why?)
What was the Fernald Science Club?
Officials at California State University at Dominquez Hills called the local police bomb squad because they suspected a package to be a mail bomb. The police took the package to a nearby field and blew it up. What was actually in the package?
Name the world's first female Cherokee Nation chief.
Where is the home office of Cracker Barrel restaurants located?
In the film Highlander what is the 1st alias McCloud assumes in the list of signatures for his house in New York, and in what year did he assume it?
On April 13, 1992 at a meeting of the National Association of Broadcasters, Ronald Reagan spoke. During this speech, some individual ran on stage, grabbed a crystal statue, smashed it, and tried to take the microphone. Who was he and what was he protesting?
Where was Rudyard Kipling born?
If one were to want to know the location of the nearest Suzuki dealer, what number should they dial?
Who was the art director for Under Siege?
To what engraver was William Blake apprenticed to in 1771?
In January of 1990, jazz musician Billy Tipton died at the age of 74. Soon afterward, a secret that Billy had kept from everyone, even the musician's adopted children, was revealed. What was the secret?
In the Disney film Beauty and the Beast, who was the voice of the Beast?
In the movie Cabin Boy, David Letterman makes a cameo appearance. What is he selling?
What does country singer Erin Nevil have on his face (besides a mole and the standard set of facial features)?
What jazz club did Bill Clinton visit on a recent visit to the Czech Republic, and what two tunes did he play when he sat in with the band?
What movie doctor used the simile "we'll be worth about as much as a truckload of dead rats in a tampon factory"?
What show was the popular sit-com Sanford & Son based on?
What is Bill Clinton's favorite movie?
What comic strip did Director David Lynch draw for the Los Angeles Reader?
What town is home of the National Muskrat Skinning Contest?
Who was the Best Boy for the movie Groundhog Day (starring Bill Murray)?
In the movie Fletch, Fletch is involved in a high speed chase with the police. Fletch is driving a stolen car, claiming to test the fluorocarbon output and ozone emission. What is the state and license number of the car?
What show is currently on stage 30 at the Paramount Studios?
What guest of David Letterman in Dec. of 1993 said: "musicals make me barf"?
Presidential candidate Peter Cooper created what popular desert in 1845?
You could say that one of the most intriguing magazines devoted to TRIVIA is TRIVIA Quotient Magazine. In the December 1993 issue, what topic of trivia does contributor Chris Lambert write about?
This 1965 Sci-Fi epic features Vincent Price as a scientist who makes a force of robot women with fuses built into their bellybuttons, set to explode during sexual intercourse (in this case, with top NATO generals). Name this film!
In Disney's film Aladdin, the first suitor prince is rejected harshly. What's his name?
Who was Stimpy's voice from The Ren & Stimpy Show based on?
What was in Bici Hendricks Fluxus "Crushed Ice Hamburger Off Campus Only Sandwich"?
Go to 7th floor Kohler and find out what Master Jason is holding (further instructions: How many trees of College median twixt Drew & Law?).
Who is the only American to have his/her bust at Westminster Abbey in London?
Name the only 1930's serial to feature singing cowboy Gene Autry's adventures in the underground kingdom of Murania, populated by the Muranians and their slave robot work force.
Many of you know the movie and the musical of A Chorus Line, but who was the book written by?
What was the name of Alexander the Great's favorite horse?
Who was the Best Boy for the film Highlander?
While investigating the planet Malkosia, on TV's Star Trek: The Next Generation, Commander Riker was injured in a riot and detained in a hospital. In an attempt to escape the hospital, a Malkosian woman agreed to help him if, and only if, he made love to her (she always wanted to make love to an alien). What was the woman's name (not the actress)?
What company first mass manufactured gyroscopes in the USA?
Who had the original movie roles of Buck Rodgers and Flash Gordon?
This quote: "the last verse…is not yet sufficiently explicated" (Dryden) is located on every copy of which magazine?
Trivia Master and hip-art wannabe Rob Kartholl is waiting somewhere in Sage basement. Seek him out there, and he will guide you through one of three special Fluxus actions. These will not be painful. You may then return to the line of death, providing you have remembered to get your Fluxus seal.
This famous film director got his start working at B-movie producer Roger Corman's New World Pictures. He worked with the special effects crews on Escape from New York and Battle Beyond the Stars before directing his first feature film Piranha II, the Spawning.
The Gasden Purchase occurred under what President's first term in Office?
What is the last name of the author of the famous tome Magick in Theory and Practice?
What is the name of the sweetheart of the sculptor of the Statue of Liberty who's body is said to be immortalized in the body of the statue?
While returning from the Fluxus action question, T.M. Rob ran into fellow LU Arts Umbrella member Annik. What did she ask him about? For any of you who have been paying attention to the entire contest, this question should be simple.
Name the members of CB-4, the rap group from the movie of the same name.
Who was the only figure distinguished enough to be honored by two separate portraits in the recent Camera Works exhibit at the Wriston Art Center?
According to Borneo's Penining tribal beliefs, in order to be blessed with abundance and fruitful offspring, a benevolent spirit is needed to be a powerful protector. There are two suitable dwelling places for the spirit. One place is in the sacred 'mahang' tree. What is the other suitable place?
In order to train for his role as an anesthesiologist in the TV movie Harmful Intent, actor Time Matherson studied under what real-life anesthesiologist?
What is the first point in the Star Wars films at which we learn that the Force can be used to move objects (telekinesis)?
Who led the 1994 Rose Bowl Parade as Grand Marshal?
In the film version of Pink Floyd's The Wall, what war movie does Pink watch on television? In order to avoid confusion, I will specifically ask for the movie which appears before "One of My Turns" and as the television is thrown out the window.
At one point, the character Lane in J.D. Salinger's Franny addresses the frogs' legs on his plate. What does he say to them?
What did Ben Vautier certify was contained in his Fluxbox containing God? (yes, this question is simple, please accept it as a token of my pity for the culturally ignorant, Rob)
In the 1979 Italian Sci-Fi epic Star Crash, the evil count trying to take over the Galaxy is named…what?
An estimated 6,500,000 Americans partake of what wondrous craft?
What was the bestselling book in Cuba in 1993?
On the Arsenio Hall interview of William Shatner on Nov. 23, 1993, what did Arsenio call Mr. Shatner after Shatner's story entitled "I'm your biggest fan" and right after Arsenio says, "that's a side of you your fans never see…"?
In the Prisoner episode, "Living in Harmony" what is the name of the Saloon?
In the movie Falling Down starring Michael Douglas, according to the credits, who played this character; woman who throws up in Whammy burger?
What was the official name of the operation James Bond is sent on in For Your Eyes Only?
Judge Roy Bean became famous in the 1880's on the Texas frontier as one of the few combination bar-owners and justice-of-the-peace. When he moved to Langtry, Texas he named his bar after Lillie Langtry, a British actress he was infatuated with. What was her nickname, the name Roy Bean specifically gave to his bar/courtroom?
In the 1981 Michael Crichton movie Looker, the evil corporation RESTON INDUSTRIES, has invented a special "Light gun" able to hypnotize its targets. Called the "L.O.O.K.E.R." project, what do the letters L-O-O-K-E-R stand for?
Who was the author of the novel Joseph Vance?
The Whydah pirate ship is the only sunken pirate ship ever to have had artifacts recovered and preserved from it. Where is this ship located?
Cyrus McCormick invented the world-famous McCormick reaper at his blacksmith shop and family farm. What was the farm called?
Perhaps the most famous family owned bakery in New Baden, IL is The Hilltop Bakery, famous as the home of the what?
In the Timex Indiglo watch commercial with the lovesick fireflies, what song is being played in the background?
In the Disney film Beauty and the Beast, what was the name of Belle's father?
When does Hugh Hefner get up?
What comic book's cover (need the title and the issue number) is this year's Trivia Weekend T-Shirt and poster design a parody of?
In the film The Princess Bride, what country did Vizzini find Fezzik unemployed in?
Who was the stage prompter in the original production of The Fairy Queen by Purcell?
Who's slogan was at one time "It's Just Like a Man's Shop in London"?
In For Your Eyes Only, the heroine of the film, Melina Haveloc, gives her parents gifts shortly before they are gunned down. She gives her mother a dress from what store?
What is the name of Texas Southern University's marching band?
In The Neverending Story, what are the ingredients of the Bat Wing Broth?
What is the name of Julia Sweeney's cat, who appears in her new movie based upon Pat from Saturday Night Live?
Who created the Partridge Family?
In the X-Men Comic where Scott and Jean actually get married, who wrote the letter that makes up the first page?
What was George Washington's shoe size (length and width)?
At the Breezy Hill Meat Company in Bowie, TX a one pound steak of this animal costs $29.95; what animal?
In Winnie the Pooh, chapter VI in which Eeyore has a birthday and gets two presents; what are the two presents?
In the movie Mr. Drake's Duck, what is so unusual about the duck?
How were six white horses made to appear green, blue, orange, red, yellow, and violet in the film The Wizard of Oz?
Identify the ingredients in the Allison Knowles Fluxus action Identical Lunch (a lunch which Allison Knowles ate ritualistically until she conceived of the idea that it might also be art).
Alfred Eizenstadt is probably one of the most famous LIFE magazine photographers of all time. According to Alfred, Sophia Loren always requested him as a photographer because she liked him. Why did she say she liked him so much?
What is the only celebrity impersonation the genie of the lamp does twice in Aladdin?
In the Bloom County collection "Happy Trails," who is the only critic listed on the critic's page?
What is this?
What is the name of the artist, who for over 20 years, has been asking the German parliament for permission to wrap the Reichstag building in synthetic fiber?
Whenever Fred Rodgers leaves his TV home on Mr. Rodgers Neighborhood, he ritually changes into his sport coat, walks up a staircase, sings "It's such a good feeling," and leaves. There is a picture on the staircase. What is it of?
On the popular British TV program Blackadder, what actor played the perennial sidekick Baldrick?
How much time is left on Robert Watts Fluxus "Parkins Meter Decal," intended to be stuck on over an empty meter?
According to Orsen Wells in the movie The Third Man, what does Switzerland have to show for 500 years of peace and democracy?
What is Lorena Bobbit's occupation?
Two copies of The Wizard of Oz can be found in the George Lucas film Labyrinth. In what two scenes do they appear (locations or settings are what is needed)?
The most famous (and only) movie to ever feature Laura Branagan & Ruth Gordon was the college sex-ploitation film, Mugsy's Girls. What was the real name of the sorority bunny rabbit in the movie?
In the H.P. Lovecraft tale "the Case of Charles Dexter Ward," Mr. Merritt finds the necronomicron among Joseph Curwen's extensive occult library. Who was the author of the necronomicron and what title did it boast on its false cover?
In perhaps the greatest horror movie of all time, Mindwarp, what is the name of the computer network the "dreamers" are hooked into?
On the Hard Rock Café signature series T-shirt, who is the artist of the painting on the back of the edition VII shirt?
Where did the Biblical Apostle Paul forget his cloak?
What was the favorite drink of TV's Barnaby Jones?
What locomotive holds the all time speed record of 126 mph for steam locomotives?
On TV's Delvecchio, who played Delvecchio?
In the movie Demolition Man, what song was the piano player playing when Stallone and his companion entered Taco Bell?
In the TV series Renegade, who plays evil cop Dutch Dixon?
In perhaps the greatest horror movie of all time, They Live, what allowed Rowdy Roody Piper to see the "they"?
It was last year at about this time that the Trivia Masters began a new tradition by asking for the 6 digit code number stamped on the bottom of our funky chicken. This year, we would like to continue that tradition by asking for the model number of our Starfleet r&d tricorder, as written on the gray sticker on the tricorder panel.
Who did Stephen Hawking verbally thank (with his own voice) when shooting his cameo appearance on Star Trek: the Next Generation (name and occupation)?
A TM is in front of Colman holding a record album. Get the name of the album and follow the master's instructions.Off Campus
The code 109-58 is for which Little Golden Book?
In all probability, who was the first person in Bulgaria to author a computer virus (which he named version 0 [zero])?
A poster for what Paramount Picture is tastefully framed and hung in the men's bathroom of the Music Box Theatre in Chicago, IL?
As of 1991, Roostem Bichourin taught English at what university?All Shut Out
The throne room in Buckingham Palace has two throne chairs usedAll Shut Out during the Coronation Ceremony by the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh. What company made the chairs?
On August 8, 1942, Japanese zero pilot Saburo Sakai was flying inAll Shut Out formation as part of an airstrike in response to the US invasion of Guadalcanal. Suddenly he lost control of his plane, temporarily wandering crazily thru the formation, a result of being blinded. Although he quickly regained his sight, what had blinded him in the first place?
Who was the first mailman to retire on pension in the city of Manitowoc, WI?
What is Mary Lou Retton's last name?
What was the name of the very first U2 E.P.?
Alphabetically, which breeds of cat come fist and last (no jungle stalkers please)?
Bob Hope claims he chose his stage name because "Hi Bob" sounded chummier than being addressed by his real name, which is what?
What is Homer Simpson's middle initial?
Technically, where was the world's first flush toilet located?
Who as the fifth featured composer on the recital that was held in Harper Hall, at 8 p.m. on February 16, 1992?
The Spring Flowers Egg is perhaps the most famous Faberge Imperial Egg. What kind of flower are the spring flowers?
Marc Okrand was intimately involved with the production of Stark Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. Alas, he never made it on screen. What did he do?
What is the zip code of the city in which the Washington State Potato Commission is located?
Name the only Lawrence student to ever attempt purchasing a horse from William Shatner.
What is the name of Japan's largest slum?
Name the first black in the Texas senate since 1882.
Farming is an important part of Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help to make it possible. What was the model of the first tractor tested in the 1969 season?
Who was with Saturday Night Live producer Lorne Michaels when he discovered Dana Carvey at a West Los Angeles comedy club in 1986?
When Brian and Barbara Cornett unloaded their moving van in Eau Claire, they found something they didn't pack. What was it, and did the Green Bay Packers take it?
The war on drugs is a controversial and oft criticized topic. President Bill Clinton is aware of the sensitivity of this issue, and we at Trivia wish to ask questions about this subject with all seriousness. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the name of the pot-bellied Vietnamese pig that the New Orleans Police Department is training to find cocaine and other drugs?
Who was the first major Hollywood star to use "the f-word" in a film?
These are 5 lines of dialogue taken from motion pictures. Name the actor who is first to speak in each excerpt, and the movie it came from.
On MTV's "Rockline," May 5, 1992, Weird Al Yankovic was featured as the main guest. When a caller named 'Chris' from College Station Texas asked Al, "Al, what is the meaning of life?" what was his response (word for word)?Shut Out
In the Ray Bradbury story The Veldf in what room do the lions appear?
Farming is an important part of WI's economy, and tractors help make it possible. What was the first crawler tractor ever tested in Nebraska?
In the movie The Naked Gun, what brand of condom is used?
For 5 Trivial Points, who was the ten year old king of Iraq in 1945?
Who won the 1992 Michael Jackson Humanitarian Award?
Robert A. Heinlein in one of the prominent sci-fi writers. Starship Troopers is one of his classics, and the Avalon Hill Company produced a wargame, bearing the same name, based on his book. At one point our hero and narrator is attempting to settle the chain of command between himself and Ace, a member of his platoon. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the title of the book, which coincidentally summarizes the whole story, that Ace is reading when our hero invites him to "clean the washroom"?
Trivia Masters and players love to go to the movies at the Marc III on Oneida St. right here in Appleton. For 5 Trivial Points, what are the names of the theatres?
Every war film has some poor clown unable to avoid ridicule in recruit training. People remember only his problem and nickname, but it is important to remember that all people are special and they have first names too. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the real first name of the character dubbed "Gomer Pyle" in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket?
Wisconsin trivia buffs pride themselves in having visited the theatre that premiered The Wizard of Oz, but most of you know that, so to avoid boredom and stimulate your feeble minds, we will ask for an answer that is both a first and related to The Wizard of Oz. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the first song that Michael Jackson sings in The Wiz?
Supporting characters appearing once or twice in a film interest the audience. People remember and are affected by the details of what they say and do. Omnipresent characters like Joe Pesci in Lethal Weapon 2& 3 are one dimensional (annoying), while the Nazi Agent haunting Indiana Jones scares the living daylights out of the audience. They are keenly aware of his silent, leering voice, perverse interest in torture, and his sick devotion to Nazi Germany. Trivia buffs often know the names of such characters. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the name, according to the credits, of the "Vietnam Vet" in PowWow Highway?
"Chef" is the nickname of one of the crew members on the boat taking our hero into the provincial "heart of darkness" in the movie Apocalypse Now. When he is not looking for mangos in the jungle, he creates sauces in New Orleans. In Louisiana, a man's last name is as important as what he does in life. For 5 Trivial Points, what is "Chef's" last name?
At the Sherlock Holmes Pub in London, what hangs directly to the right of the fireplace mantle in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's restored study?
What Wisconsin governor was present at Lawrence's first commencement?
names the Art Gallery from the film 9½ Weeks.
In 1809 Dr. Ephraim McDowell performed the first successful ovariotomy. Who was his patient?
Farming is very important to WI's economy, and nothing is more important to a farmer than his tractor. What was the smallest tractor ever tested in Nebraska?
Comedian George Carlin has noted that people always ask celebrities "how did you get started?" For 5 Trivial Points, what is the name of the Gary, Indiana night club that was The Jackson Five's first paying gig?
What packaging firm produced the Mylar wrapper for Madonna's new book Sex, and in what town is it located?
In the movie Terminator, what kind of toy did Arnold Schwarzenegger run over when he stopped at the house of the first Sarah Conner?
On TV's The Simpsons, what is the motto of the Springfield sperm bank?
Delano, one of MN's most famous cities is home to Chun Mee Restaurant. If one were to order the number 3 combination plate at Chun Mee's, what 3 items would you receive?
Who is the current leader of Marvel Comic's X-Force, and by what code name does he answer to?
Marvel Comic's artist Mark Texeira was the artist of what epic comic title, prior to his work on Ghost Rider and Wolverine?
Grizzly's Gifts in Anchorage, Alaska sells approximately 6,000 of what souvenirs each year?
Republican Congressman Robert Walker introduced a budget reduction bill that was voted down. How much money would it have saved, and how much did it cost to print the roll-call vote?
What 2 LU professor (from the same department) were born in the same foreign city? List the professors and the city.
In Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei hundreds of Yokohama tires were removed from stores. Why?
For 5 Trivial Points, what famous jazz musician's father was a butler in the White House for Warren G. Harding?
Felix Bloch was an American diplomat in the Soviet Union. Then he wasn't. What does he do now?
On a recent tour, REM's Michael Stipe often accented his eccentric appearance with raging yellow hair. What dye did he use?
What percent of American males say they would rather have sex with Betty than Wilma?
Who designed and built the world's last hand-carved, self-enclosed carousel?
Name the first Mouseketeer to be fired.
Cathy Merdig, creator of the Happy To Be Me™, is proud that the body measurements of her doll (bust, waist, hips) are more realistic than that of Mattel's Barbie doll. According to Ms. Merdig, what are the measurements of each doll (assuming them to be life-size)?
In The 11th Hour, a children's book by Graeme Base, what type of earring does the Zebra wear?
Where and when was Fred Rogers, of Mister Rodgers Neighborhood, born, and name the most famous athlete also from that town.
You've probably heard of Krusty the Clown on TV's The Simpsons. You probably haven't heard of the real-life clown who had his own St. Louis Saturday morning TV show until the late 1970's. Who was the "Krusty" of St. Louis (his clown name, please!)?
Who built the tornado for the 1939 movie The Wizard of Oz?
What two films were playing at the Sarasota theatre where Paul Rubens, aka Pee Wee Herman, was arrested?
Perhaps the most famous of all Bob's, Sesame Street's Bob is seldom known by his full name. Who is this elusive mystery man?
In the movie Mary Poppins, which days does Mary request she have off?
These days it seems like every doll on the market does something when you squeeze its "tummy." What does the "Monkey Loves" doll do when you squeeze its tummy?
What brand of toy made by "Ace" Toys not only has a shiny plastic jewel in place of a belly button, but is advertised by using the slogan, "they dress so hot, and look so keen"?
We all have followed the long time rivalry between "the cat who lives next door" and Snoopy. For 10 Trivial points, what is the real name, according to the books, of "the cat who lives next door"?
In H.G. Well's story "The Island of Dr. Moreau," who is the first to die after breaking "the Law"?
On 21 February 1938, Selfridge's in London sold 5 suit decks of cards for use in a variation of bridge called, surprisingly enough, 5 suit bridge. For 5 Trivial Points, what was the name of the new suit, and how was it symbolized?
Farming in an important part of Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help make this possible. Where was the Wisconsin Model E Tractor manufactured?
In the movie Patriot Games, the chase scene through London's Underground ends up in what tube stop?
What is the name of the oldest text that discussed perpetual motion, and in what language is it written?
Reverend Billy Graham holds a decades hold membership at an all-white club near his hometown of Montreat, North Carolina. For 5 Trivial Points, name it.
To whom was the old Lawrence chapel organ sold to?
From where did Fred Rogers, of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, gain his first degree, when did he do it, and what was it in?
What was the first TV acting job for Rob Reiner (we want the name of the show)?
Farming in an important part of Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help make this possible. What was the first tractor to be tested using pneumatic tires, and what year was it tested?
Because of Bill Clinton's campaign promises, in what country did the saying develop; "After God comes Bill Clinton"?
In what city was the Sicilian Mafia leader arrested?
Who is the Iraqi representative at the United Nations?
What other state besides Arizona did not have Martin Luther King Jr. Day until very recently?
Until 1991 Jim Hightower was Texas Commissioner of Agriculture. What will his new job be in February?
According to Egyptian mythology, what was a dead pharaoh's heart weighed against by Anubis (on a scale) to see if the heart had been virtuous in life, and…what would Osiris proclaim it if it had?
For 5 Trivial Points, what is the name of the church that Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy married Aristotle Socrates Onassis?
Name the inmates' baseball team that Pete Rose coached while in prison.
Whose bequest of antiquities and curios made possible the founding of the British Museum, and what was his occupation?
Who wrote the lyrics of the popular hymn "Amazing Grace"?
Who coined the Richard Nixon phrase "Tricky Dick"?
In the movie The Naked Gun, in what room was Nordberg placed when he was hospitalized?
Due to the stresses of staying up all night, a Trivia Master has lost his voice. Find him in the mezzanine of the con, and find out what he is saying.
What 1930's film featured Ginger Rodgers performing "We're In The Money" in Pig Latin?
For 5 Trivial Points, what former United States President wore women's high-button shoes to high school?
What event took place on Saturday, June 27, 1992 in Busch Stadium, St. Louis, MO?
According to the July 30, 1991 issue of the Sun, 200 airline stewardesses claimed that this man got them pregnant.
What is the only vertebrate in the world that still has a functioning 3rd eye (on the top of the creature's head)?
What movie featured Milton Berle as "Good-Time-Eddie Filth"?
What state hold the proud distinction of having spent more money than any other state on their sewer facilities in 1989?
For 5 Trivial Points, who was the first black woman in Congress?
Neneh Cherry, famous for the hit single "Buffalo Stance," sang backup for a ska band in the late '70's, and later joined an all-female punk band in the early '80's. Names these two bands.
Farming in an important part of Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help make it happen. Where was the Oliver 80 Standard KD tractor made?
Who is the only man in American history who has served as a U.S. Senator from 3 different states?
Where is the world's oldest cookbook published, and what is the only internal organ that got its own recipe?
Most kids delighted in watching hamsters running on wheels and through elaborate tube mazes when they were growing up. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the native land of the Golden Hamster?
In the pilot episode of the new Star Trek series Deep Space Nine, where did Commander Sysco meet his wife Jennifer for the first time?
What two things did D.B. Cooper leave behind when he parachuted with $200,000 out of the airliner he hijacked in the early 1970's?
Game shows just wouldn't be game shows without someone to write all that nifty original music for them. Who wrote the original music for TV's "Studs" game show?
What physical characteristics were used to prove the identity of the real Krusty the Klown in the "Kamp Krusty" episode of The Simpsons?
What now discontinued video cassette box cries out "Wanna Date" Home Video Packaging when you press a button on its front?
Often times, stress can take its toll on the Trivia Masters, causing them to go insane and run screaming from the studio. Right now, a lone, crazed Trivia Master is wandering the 7th floor of Kohler Hall, chanting important instructions. Find him and listen carefully to his insane ravings—and maybe he'll tell you what to do next.
Where was the first factory for mechanized shoe production in America established and in what year?
Who, until his death about 5 years ago, was the honorary Marquis de Salbrena (as awarded by King Juan Carlos of Spain)?
What was the name of the miner who, in 1845 near Platteville, Wisconsin, dug a mine that produced over 2 million pounds of lead ore in one year?
How many troops were furnished by Wisconsin during the four years of the American Civil War?
Perhaps one of the most interesting towns in Wisonsin is Prairie du Chien. In 1836, at Fort Crawford (near the city) there were two future presidents stationed, one the Commandant and the other a Lieutenant. Who?
As of June 1992, what Danbury, WI resident was the front-runner in Country Magazine's "Owner of the Oldest Dog" contest, what was the name of his dog, and how old was it?
Perhaps one of the most interesting towns in Wisconsin is Eaton. What was the name of the first family who settled there in 1849?
The Flatau family of Lincoln County, WI have a very special house, with a very unusual door handle. What is the door handle made out of?
One of the most interesting towns in WI is Peshtigo. On what date did fire sweep into the town (from the same fire that burned the Northeast quarter of the state)?
One of the most uninteresting towns in Wisconsin is Eagle. What is painted on the water tower in Eagle, what color is it, and what color is the background?
Perhaps one of the most interesting counties in WI is Manitowoc County. The Richard Drumm Memorial Forest opened in 1968 inside the county. Who were the lands given to by the Drumms for upkeep?
Give the names and occupations of the two men who, in 1878, Tossed established the first commercial telephone exchange in WI?
Who was running for reelection in 1992 as Village Trustee in the town of North Prairie, WI?
What is the slogan for Schneider's String Cheese, and in which WI city is the cheese manufactured?
What was the theme of the 1992 MN Renaissance Fair?
What is Mr. Spock's blood type, according the old TV series?
When Anton's father appeared on Late Night with David Letterman as an audience member, Dave presented the band member's father with a special gift with which to remember the show. Just what was that special gift?
Who is the first Colorado Rocky to appear on a baseball card?
The Ramada Inn in Beijing has been taken over by the Chinese government. What is its name now?
Name the Kansas City Royal who grabbed the infamous George Brett Pine Tar bat during the initial argument at home plate.
For 5 Trivial Points, what it the Library of Congress classification for Home Economics?
Jay Knudson Sr. of Des Moines, Iowa came up with a novel business venture when a crippling accident forced him to sell his landscaping business. What was his novel idea?
By what name was Delisium (a member of the Endless family in DC's Sandman) formerly known?
The first team-up between Batman and Superman occurred on the Superman radio show in the 1940's. The same episode that paired this duo also introduced what aspect of the Superman continuity?
In the movie The Punisher, when the Punisher is tortured by the evil villains and asked "who sent you?" what is his witty reply?
Against what Soviet super powered villain did Robin and the Huntress recently team up to defeat?
Name the actress Saddam Hussein invited to Iraq to witness the suffering of children there.
In the movie Psycho, Norman Bates had a record player. What was Off Campus the record on the record player?
Bring a click pencil to the grill, where you will find a Trivia Master who will then help you on your way.
Indiana Jones, of Spielberg movie fame, was trained by a Professor Ravenwood of what school?
What type of freighter (need a model number) is the Millennium Falcon?
What was George Washington's favorite meal?
For 5 Trivial Points, who was the infamous Grand Dragon of the Indiana Ku Klux Klan in 1924?
When Mike Mills and Michael Stipe of R.E.M. joined with Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen of U2 at the MTV Inaugural Ball, they performed the song "One." What did they call their impromptu group?
Who said, "the highest virtue is always against the law"?
Richard Kin-Ting Fu, U.S. citizen, was once the general manager of the highly-touted Dynasty Hotel in Beijing. However, after returning from a vacation he was presented a document from the Chinese Communist Party that he was fired. The reason was allegedly his management record. How did the Chinese News Agency describe this record?
Every now and then, the newspapers print a child's letter to the President asking for world peace or a cure to a devastating disease. For 5 Trivial Points, what American at age 6 wrote to King George V, demanding that England pay her war debt to the United States?
In a recent Hellblazer storyline (a DC Comics title) John Constantine confronted the demon Calibraxis as it possessed a member of the British royalty. What famous serial murderer did Calibraxis formerly posses, and what title does Calibraxis have?
Farming is very important to Wisconsin's economy, and tractors have made this possible. In the 1909 Winnipeg Motor Contest, what were the qualifications for a Class B tractor?
There are two holidays celebrated only in Suffolk County, MA. Name them.
What was the headline of the New York Herald on Monday, Sept. 16, 1912?
In the movie Texas Chainsaw Massacre II, Dennis Hopper stars as a lawman hunting down the evil "Leatherface" family in vengeance for the death of his niece in the first movie. Throughout the movie, Hopper runs around an abandoned amusement park, frantically chainsaw-ing old wooden beams in a lame attempt to make the movie halfway interesting. While doing this, he sings what song?
What famous sports star said in a Right Guard as, "one cannot smell like a hound and expect to catch any foxes"?
A Cairo (Egypt) University professor has discovered a link between wearing polyester underwear and what?
Farming is very important to Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help make it happen. What is the first three-wheeled tractor tested in Nebraska?
What is the name of the Boston bar upon which the Cheers show is based?
Who was the shortest President?
Abraham Lincoln was known for his support of the idea of colonization before and during the Civil War. Colonization proponents wished for the voluntary emigration of free blacks to their long lost fatherland. Lincoln signed a contract to colonize negroes on an island off Haiti on the day before he issued the Emancipation Proclamation. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the name of the island they were sent to and later returned from?
What is the name of the official airline of Bali?
Who is the music librarian for the University of Minnesota?
Who was credited for the creation of the famous "Black Ball line"?
Perhaps one of the most common sights in any classroom is that of the ubiquitous pull-down map. In Room 101 of Roosevelt J. High, there is a pull-down political map of the US. It is made by what company?
Perhaps one of the most famous men in Egyptology is Giovanni Belzoni. In 1812, at the age of 40, Belzoni left England to embark on a series of travels. When he arrived in Malta, he was met by a captain who informed Belzoni that a hydraulic engineer was needed in Egypt by the order of Mohammed Ali (not the boxer…). It was only this that led Belzoni to Egypt and his successful career there. What was this captain's name?
What do the following have in common; Farmer John, Megabyte, Cannibal, Smoke, and Dart?
On Batman: The Animated Series, what toy company made the Joker's Betty Boop dolls?
If you had gone to see Bingo Hand Job at London's Borderline on March 18-19 of 1991, what tube stop would you have been most likely to disembark at, and who would you actually have been going to see?
In 1870, the merchant marine of the United States and England were, by tonnage, the greatest merchant marines ever amassed. Who ranked third?
Like many black Marines on duty in Somalia, Lance Corporal Marion Ford is the object of constant attention and adoration by the Somalis. When asked by reporters how he felt about all the attention, how did Ford respond (word for word)?
What American political party draws its beliefs from a combination of physics, government, and transcendental meditation?
Who founded the Antiquities Service and the Egyptian Museum in Cairo?
From 1883-1906, what were the Atlanta Braves called?
In the movie Psycho, what color dress (besides black and white) was Mrs. Bates buried in?
Whose self-written epitaph reads: "Where savage indignation can tear his heart no more"?
Who was the father of the wolf pack which took in Mowgli in Walt Disney's film the Jungle Book?
For 5 Trivial Points, what is the longest word used by "Fighting" Bill Shakespeare?
Spike Lee is known almost as much for his marketing savvy as his directorial brilliance. Who is the only artist Spike says is better at marketing than he is?
What is the miracle substance called on the "power-picker-upper" lint roller (as seen on TV)?
What former Conan cover artist painted the Manuel Masterpiece trading cards?
Who introduced the first commercially packaged toilet paper in the US?
The first Imperial Egg is perhaps the most famous Fabergé Imperial Egg. It first appeared at auction in 1934. Who bought it, and for how much?
What African nation has the greatest ability to produce magnesium compounds?
In the movie Tapeheads, an up-and-coming punk-metal band is destroyed when a piece of falling satellite crashes onstage during a live performance. What is the name of the band?
Original card torn up
For 5 Trivial Points, who was the first commissioned officer to die in the Civil War?
For 5 Trivial Points, what were the last words of English naturalist Charles Darwin?
For 5 Trivial Points, who was the martyr for Southern Independence, and by coincidence, also the same individual that killed the first commissioned officer of the Civil War?
In May of 1992, Willie R. Love of Madison, WI, was charged with stabbing Karen Jaster to death. The neighbors had been involved in a feud which led to the incident; what were they feuding over?
One of the worst tragedies in the history of sport was the assassination of the Israeli team at the 1972 Munich Olympics. At what building were the Israelis staying?
For 5 Trivial Points, who embalmed the body of Abraham Lincoln?
In the 1947 movie Dark Passage, George Fellsinger (played by Rory Mallinson) is killed. What was he killed with?
In August of 1970, physicians on the Hawaiian island of Maui witnessed an epidemic outbreak of Shigella Sonnei, a relatively rare disease whose victims complain of frequent vomiting and diarrhea. Fortunately, the epidemic was short-lived, and the physicians were able to identify the cause of the outbreak. To what source did they attribute the epidemic?
One of the greatest tragedies in the history of sport was the assassination of the Israeli team at the 1972 Munich Olympics. Who was the head of the Israeli Mossad, called in to investigate the deadly affair?
What musician is working on his group's second album in a recording studio he built in the living room in which Sharon Tete was killed by members of Charles Manson's cult?
What is the name of the first X-man to die in the animated series?
What exactly was stabbed to simulate the sound of Janet Leigh being stabbed in the Psycho shower scene? (mention that there will be some sources that are not specific enough)
Canuck's Sportsman's Memorials of De Moines, Iowa, offers a unique method of scattering a deceased hunter's remains across his (or her) favorite hunting ground. What is it?
Bill Drum planned to kill his wife, but was arrested because one of his employees at the Shady Lady Nightclub was actually an informant for the FBI. Although his wife stood on trial in defense of her husband, testifying that the whole plot was a joke, Bill is spending ten years behind bars. What movie did he claim inspired his plan in the first place?
For 10 Trivial Points, what is the name of the substitute bugler that accidentally started the Battle of San Juan Hill when he mistakenly sounded charge in response to a nod of General Joe Wheeler's head?
What is the name of the prototype electric car being produced by Renault?
Picasso painted a mural on the ceiling of Gertrude Stein's bedroom. What was the mural of?
What is the name dubbed by John Constantine to the group of individuals who took it upon themselves to educate Timothy Hunter in DC Comics' the Book of Magic?
Even more Riddles! For 5 Trivial Points, answer this riddle: Long-legged lifeless came to the door staffless, more afraid of a rooster and hen than he was of a dog and ten men. What is he?
In the movie Repo Man, Budd Cartfully played by Harry Dean Stanton tells Otto (Emilio Estevez) that he will not allow two types of people in his car. What kind of people doesn't Budd like?
According to Arbitron Corp., what area in America has the lowest percentage of VCR owners?
In Frank Capra's cinematic masterpiece, It's A Wonderful Life, there are four employees at the Bailey Brothers' Building and Loan. Two of them are Baileys; name the other two.
What was the most popular US song of 1923?
In the original Samuel Appleton library housed in Main Hall, what group was strictly prohibited from entering?
For 5 Trivial Points, what do the tattoos on actor Sean Connery's right wrist read?
What secret society, founded in the 1950's by Greg Hill and Kerry Thornley, advocates the worship of Eris, Goddess of Chaos?
A black sign with white lettering stands today in front of U.S. Grant's Galena, IL home. What does the sign read?
Which 1920 treaty, never ratified, promised the Kurds an independent state after the fall of the Ottoman Empire?
On September 15th, 1992, one "Micky Carrol" appeared on TV, in a testimonial advertisement. In the ad, Carrol stated how much he appreciated "the experts in the Channel 5 newsroom," NBC's St. Louis affiliate. Obviously, no one would believe Micky if he weren't famous for something. What is his claim to fame?
Name the two sites where Bobby Fischer and Boris Spassky have met in their rematch.
In Dec. 1876, 180 people were either killed or injured in a freak train accident. The bridge in Ashtabula, Ohio that the train was crossing collapsed. What chief engineer was in charge of building the bridge? And how did he die?
Give Margaret Thatcher's full maiden name.
According to Toilet Talk issue no. 3 of this academic year, who was in 3rd place in the Men's Flag Football green and brown divisions (2 team names)?
What recorded sound was used to provide the noise of a Star Destroyer engine in the opening segment of Star Wars?
In the kind of cheesy sci-fi novels Han Solo at Star's End and Han Solo's Revenge by Brian Daley, Han is joined by two droids. One is named Blue Max. What is the name of the other?
Who was the first dead person to be electrocuted in an electric chair?
What is the first name of Quicksilver's (a member of X-Factor) wife and what superhero team is she a part of?
What was the cost of the nails used in the construction of Main Hall?
Farming is an important part of Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help make it possible. What type of transmission was used in the original test car for the Nebraska Tests?
In the DC Comic Doom Patrol, a poster for the 1989 UK Tour of a littleTrivia For Yew known indie rock band from Scotland hangs in Dorothy's bedroom. The band's name is The Fauves (fōvs). Who is their rhythm guitarist?
The New Jersey Nightingales are the backup singers for what New York City lounge crooner?
In William Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury, Benjy's name is changed to Benjy when is five years old. What was his original name?
Scott Staley Jr. was an editor for the magazine Conservative Digest, now defunct (thankfully). Surprisingly, it is not for criminal stupidity. By what act is he under indictment?
How many bridges are there on the Pennsylvania turnpike?
What is Raisa Gorbachev's maiden name?
On the McHammer cartoon, what did the diminutive megalomaniac "Rapoleon" want to do to himself, and what did he need to do it?
What is Stevie Wonder's real middle name?
One of the worst tragedies in the history of sport was the assassination of the Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics. The leader of the Palestinian terrorists was ISE. What cigarettes did he smoke?
For 5 Trivial points, who entered his own lookalike contest and received 3rd place?
Name the only coffee given the Swedish king's seal of approval in the 1850's.
On Saturday, Dec. 12th, 1992, Miss Julia Kurotchinka (aka, Miss Russia) was declared the winner of the Miss World Pageant, held at the Sun City resort in South Africa. Who was the MC at the pageant?
At Gallagher's, the Manhattan steak house, what storming delicacy is served?
Tipper Gore, the right wing loony in large part responsible for the PMRC and those silly "Parental Advisory—Explicit Lyrics" labels actually played in an all girl rock band back in high school. What was their band's name, anyway?
What does the Chris Crawford computer game "Guns or Butter" call you if you don't type in your name at the start of the game?
In ancient times, native Hawaiians from the Kaupo region cast the na piko (umbilical cord) of infants into Keanawilinau (bottomless pit) for what reason?
PBS's Barney & Friends may well be the most popular show for young children. All good parents should know everything about the shows their children watch, so who is the voice of Barney?
How many years must a person be missing to be declared legally dead?
Flanagan's Stop'n'Shop is a great sponsor and all the Trivia Masters love them. However, they are providing from just one major soft drink producer. Mellow Master Mike is longing for the competitor. Bring him an item that has the logo of the competitor. If you're nice, the logo will be on a container that is holding some of the product. Then, find out what book he holds and who was its previous owner. Phone in this information.
In the comic book Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the Turtles have an ally named Casey Jones. What is the first name of his fiancée?
Funding for the arts is a controversial topic today, and many artists Composers have stated their opinions clearly. For 5 Trivial points, who authored the following: "There should be a single ART EXCHANGE in the world, to which the artist would imply send his works and be given in return as much as he needs"?
Laminated backstage admittance passes for Ned's Atomic Dustbin once pictured two characters from the Scooby-Doo cartoon series. What did the caption on these Scooby-Doo passes read?
On Nov. 18, 1992 the National Convention of Catholic Bishops voted down a measure by a vote of 163 to 110. What would this measure have done and how many votes were needed to pass it?
What is the name of the largest lake on the largest island in the largest lake in North America?
We all watched in awe as Gene Kelly tapped his way through the driving rain in the immortal Singing in the Rain, but for 5 Trivial Points, who did the audio track of the shoe tapping Kelly?
IBM is investigating the possibility of a 2-way cable communications system. As part of a joint venture, Time Warner, Paramount Communications, Tele-Communications, Inc., and what other company are considering involvement?
Gameshows just wouldn't be gameshows without celebrity guest judges! Who were the celebrity guest judges on the very first episode of MTV's "Lip Service"?
Give the name and nickname of the favorite grandfather of Fred Rogers, of Mister Rogers Neighborhood.
Who was the first black president of the Girl Scouts?
What kind of tattoo did Marlboro man Daniel Winfield have on his hand?
According to Matt Ogborn's poem "I Like Smurfs," who are the 2 kinds of people that don't like Smurfs?
What are the full names of Richard Nixon's grandchildren?
What department of the government ordered Bobby Fischer to not play in Yugoslavia, and when was the order made?
A man in Kahului, Maui, Hawaii recently held up a convenience store for $40.00 in cash. What was he wearing over his head?
Who is the only NCAA coach to win a national championship in his first full year of coaching?
Name the two US Presidents to ride in the world's oldest operating private train car.
Everyone remembers the UN ban on travel and Arms sales to Libya, effective on April 15, 1992. Recall that US satellites noticed a Chinese cargo ship unloading "tens of thousands" of rifles, machine guns, and anti-aircraft weapons on 17 April 1992. The Chinese said the ship was in Libyan waters by April 15. For 5 Trivial Points, what is the name of the cargo ship that nearly caused an international incident?
What was the first magazine published in America, and who was the publisher?
The Age of Aquarius is over. What now sits at the corner of Haight and Ashbury Streets in San Francisco?
In Alphonse Daudet's "The Sub-Prefect Afield," who says, "No, he is not an artist, since he wears silver breeches, he is rather a prince"?
What is Bill Clinton's family's favorite card game?
What do the initials BVD in the famous men's underwear makers name stand for?
Name the last divorced man to become King of England, and the woman from whom he was divorced (1st name and number of king, and full name of woman).
Don Lively of Georgetown, Texas will sell you what commodity for $250 per CC?
In the first Sandman storyline, Morpheus battles a demon to win back one of his (Morpheus') artifacts. What "weapon" does he use to win?
In the H.P. Lovecraft story "The Dark Brotherhood" what is odd about the invaders?
In the novel The Bean Trees by Barbara Kingsolver, what is the name of the used tire store where Taylor ended up working?
What is the oldest museum in Great Britain?
Who invented the game Monopoly?
Farming is an important part of Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help make this possible. What was the first tractor ever tested in Nebraska to feature ball bearing main crankshaft bearings?
Why was Susanna Hannocks, of Wingcave, England, declared innocent after being accused of bewitching a neighbor's spinning wheel?
What was the title of Secretary of Labor Robert Reich while he taught at Harvard?
What two parallels denote the 2 no-fly zones?
How large a fine did Zoë Baird receive for illegally employing the Peruvian couple?
At what New York church was the funeral of trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie held?
How many years of production has the Chevrolet Corvette seen?
How many restaurants does actor Michael Caine own?
What phrase is written in yellow on cans of Jolt cola?
Who was the highest ranking Soviet intelligence officer to defect to the US before 1955?
Throughout the entire series, there was only 1 Klingon on the old Star Trek show whose name did not begin with the letter K. Name that Klingon!
Who hired P.D.Q. Bach to write "Two Madrigals from the Triumph of Thusnelda" Schikele number 1601?
According to Devo, who is in charge of the Devolutionary Army?
Musicians and vocalists styles are often influenced by other musicians and vocalists. For 5 Trivial Points, who does Michael Jackson describe as being influential in his musical growth in the following quote: "Before I began to develop my own style, I wanted to sound like ____. I had never heard such a smooth voice before. It made me want to put my feet up on a couch and just relax for the rest of my life."
For 5 Trivial Points, what were the lyrics sung at the baptism of Rory Elizabeth Katherine Kennedy, daughter of the late Robert F. Kennedy?
Farming is an important part of Wisconsin's economy, and tractors help make it possible. Who was known as the "Father of the Nebraska Tests"?
Which three composers did Harry Truman primarily study when he played piano?
What was the first recorded North American animal hunted to extinction?
What was Mohammed Ali's retort to Howard Cosell's; "You're a bright boy Mohammed"?
David Bushnell invented the "Turtle" in 1776. What was the "Turtle"?
In mountain biking lingo, what does SPIT stand for?
Anyone who sees an Al Hirt album notices the ornate engraving on the trumpet, which is his, that he is pictured with. For 5 Trivial Points, what is engraved on Al Hirt's trumpet?
What note is the Trivia Master playing on the Sage piano, and what is he playing it with?
When you watch The Empire Strikes Back, you probably spend a lotShut-Out of time wondering what's going to happen next to Han, Luke, Leia, C-3P0, and R2D2. You probably don't spend lots of time wondering about one-line characters like Major Derlin. Who played Major Derlin, and what was his only line in the movie (word for word)?
Name Popeye's talking dog from the cartoon series.
PowWow Highway is one of many underrated movies. The characters and the plot are both interesting and well developed. Surely, Trivia players know, for 5 Trivial Points, the name of the 1964 Buick Wildcat that Buddy Red Bow and Philbert Bono take on their trip to Sante Fe.
As a young revolutionary, what was Joseph Stanlin's nickname?
In what city did Bill Clinton's mother study to become a nurse?
What was the first textbook in philosophy to be printed in America, and who (what person) published it, and when (what year)?
In the D.C. miniseries "Lobo's Back," Lobo—the meanest, baddest bastich in the Universe was killed and re-incarnated several times, once as a small rodent. What kind of rodent?
Many politicians and public figures have been criticized for their membership at certain golf clubs. Ross Perot was asked on Larry King if he belonged to a club that excludes blacks or Jews. Perot responded yes, and if it bothers the people, I'll quit immediately. After complaints from blacks on his staff, Perot resigned from two country clubs. For 5 Trivial Points, name both.
What is the official Botswanan currency, and what does the word actually mean?
According to the Nordic Track Company, what Appleton resident lost 15 lbs using their exercise equipment?
Who donated the T-shirts worn by the Lithuanian men's basketball team during the medals ceremony of the 1992 Olympics?
For over 25 years, television audiences have thrilled to the exploits of the Doctor of TV's Doctor Who, as he battled his arch enemies, the evil Daleks. Although the creator of the Daleks first said that he'd simply made up their name, he recently admitted that it means something in Serbo-Croat. What does it mean?
What is the only previously published song used in the 1992 movie Malcolm X that is not mentioned in the credits or available on the soundtrack?
For 10 Trivial Points, when was Abraham Lincoln's last portrait taken, and where was it taken?
In The Dead Poet's Society, Robin Williams' character has a picture of his girlfriend on his desk. What musical instrument is she holding?
What does Mitch (Billy Crystal) name his baby cow in the film City Slickers?
St. Louis prosecutor George Peach became famous in the late 1980's for his launching of repeated 'sting' operations against area pornography merchants. He became even more famous in 1992 when he was caught using city funds to solicit a prostitute that turned out to be an undercover cop in disguise. Under what pseudonym did George Peach solicit the prostitute?
Who filmed the videotape of the Los Angeles Police Department clubbing and beating of Rodney King?
Farming is very important to Wisconsin's economy, and nothing's more important to a farmer than his tractor. Where is the Eagle Tractor manufactured?
What is Lawrence's 1992-93 operating budget?Lawrence Trivia
If you venture over to Stephenson 3rd floor and search long enough, you may find Woody. If you can persuade him to, he will tell you where to find Rob. Rob will be holding a photograph. You will have to phone in and tell the answers whose photograph it is, and what the caption reads.
Bob Einstein is sometimes better known as Super Dave Osborne, but on the Smothers Brothers comedy hour, viewers (if there were any) knew him as this…?
What is the seventh ingredient in Big Mac Special Sauce?
What commodity is sold from sidewalk booths in Mexico City at the rate of $1.15 per minute?
What brand of treble books does Bill Norman Lures proudly use on their fishing lures?
During last year's Image Comic Month, what was the only Image comic to actually come out on time?
There is actually a town in Kentucky named Nobob which contains only one man named Bob. Which Bob lives in Nobob?
Name the building on the corner of 3rd Street and Locust Street in Downtown Des Moines that was built in 1893?
In 1990, Crayola retired 8 colors to its Crayola Hall of Fame, and introduced 8 new colors to the 64 color lineup. What are the 8 new colors, and which 8 did they replace?
On what date was Richard Warch's book School of the Prophets: Yale College 1701-1740 entered into the Seeley G. Mudd library?
Who was the last contributor listed for The Other, Volume II, issue III?
During WWII, the Germans were distracted from Allied preparations to invade Sicily because fake plans for an invasion of Greece were fed to the Germans by Allied intelligence. On what were the plans placed, and how was this 'carrier' sent towards the Germans in the hopes they'd pick it up and read the plans?
What is the name of the band of villainous mutants that claim to follow Magneto?
For 5 Trivial Points, who purchased the first draft of the Emancipation Lincoln Trivia Proclamation for $3,000 at the Northwestern Sanitary Fair of 1863?
In the film My Private Idaho, according to the credits, who provided 'additional dialogue' for the film?
What is the name of the evil Tyrannosaurus Rex of TV's new Land of the Lost?
Who invented carbon-14 dating?
Who was the California Angel's starting pitcher in the movie The Naked Gun?
Where is Annie Hall from?
For 5 Trivial Points, what is the real name of the incredible New Orleans native, voodoo rock singer, and former Ivory Soap baby, Dr. John the Night Tripper?
As of 1980, Forbes Magazine and the Soviet government were tied for the world's largest collection of Fabergé egg objects. Whereas the Soviet government took most all of theirs from the Russian imperial family, Forbes has only one object from them (Russian imperial family). What is it?
For 10 Trivial Points, give us the six digit letter/number code prefixed by the letters NO which can be found on the bottom of our chicken, and give the 5 letter word which follows this code.
On the 2nd episode ever of CPO Sharkey, Don Rickles (as CPO Sharkey himself) is immortalized forever in a freeze frame shot doing what at the end of the episode?
What was the occupation of Honda Motor Company founder Soichiro Honda's father?
Who appeared on the French stamp issued in 1972 to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the deciphering of hieroglyphs in 1822?
In 1990, the Los Angeles Police Department was forced to pay $265,000 in a civil court judgment against 6 police officers for severely beating an 18 year old suspect. How many of these officers were disciplined by the department?
In Apocalypse Now, our hero's name, as you all remember, is Captain Willard. For 5 Trivial Points, where is he from, according to the movie?
Name the only elected official of Dayton, Ohio to find a dead body on Mount Kilimanjaro?
What is the name of the horse that stands in front of the American Saddle Horse Museum in Lexington, Kentucky and what is the name of the sculptor?
Just last year, DC comics killed off their most famous character, Superman. At the Fantasy Shop in Kirkwood, Missouri, a banner and coffin were unfurled in a storefront window, to honor the hero's passing and increase comic sales. Who designed the banner?
Who were the 2 masters of ceremonies at the 1992 YWCA Celebrity Auction on Saturday, March 21, 1992 in downtown Des Moines ?
In what building did William H. Ashley take his oath as Lieutenant Governor of Missouri on September 19, 1820?
When James Risner was elected president of the student governmentof the University of Maryland at College Park, he declared himself kingand changed the school's motto to what?
What was the name of the ship that carried Napoleon Bonaparte to St. Helena?
In what Wisconsin town was Dean Whitter born?
What date is Magnum PI's birthday?
In the comic book Wild C.A.T.S, what is Spartan's real name?
Queen Elizabeth I of England supposedly had scandalous relations with a man whom she later made the Earl of Leicester. What was his real name?
In the movie 12 Monkeys, a clip from what Marx Brothers movie was shown?
Who is the only person to do play-by-play for all four of Boston's professional sports teams?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods," to "nectar of my butt." What chemical compound is often added to wine while it is being made to prevent oxidation and other wine- making accidents?
What are the Beta Theta Pi's doing in their frat picture for the 1972 Ariel?
What is the largest lake in Europe?
William Herbert Sheldon devised a classification system dividing people's body types into three types. What are the three types?
Who said, after John F. Kennedy was shot, "to be Irish is to know that in the end the world will break your heart"?
What is the name of the Elven priest of Labelas Enorath from the Forgotten Realms comic book?
What H.P. Lovecraft quote appears on his gravestone? Also, what graffiti is sprayed on the back?
At the Perkins in Black River Falls, WI, what is the picture to the right of the state capitol picture?
In Paula Danzinger's The Pistachio Prescription, what were the names of Cassie Stephens' siblings?
Who played for the New York Rangers, Brooklyn Dodgers, and New York Knicks in a single season?
To whom did the US government issue green card number A17597321?
In 1951, the first motion picture of the inside of a living heart was shown. From what did the heart come from?
Josh Sawyer really likes the picture of Paul Newman on the bottle of Newman's Own Bandito Salsa that he has. Please draw a small picture of Paul Newman's head with a handlebar mustache and sombrero on and bring it to the front steps of Main Hall with the answer to this question: who did Newman play in The Hudsucker Proxy?
Everyone loves Infocom's old interactive fiction games, especially the supernatural adventure "Moonmist." In this game, whose ghost haunts the battlements of Tresyllian castle?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods" to "something that you can't have in a box on campus anymore." The process of removing dead yeast cells from sparkling wine made by the "champagne method" is known as what?
What was the 9th Godzilla movie's name?
What mushrooms did the Vikings eat to gain their fighting frenzy known as "Berserk"?
From what fraternity is the paddle that hangs on Coach Fox's wall, on the show Coach?
After carrying his victims into the water and devouring them, what part of the body does the Each-Uisge (ech-ooshkya) or Aughisky (agh-iski) of Irish faerie legend leave behind?
'80's rocker Rick Springfield showed us his acting talents on soap operas and a few movies. Currently, he's displaying those talents on what late night news series?
What is the world's second largest wooden vessel?
In 1991, Anthony Hopkins portrayed serial killer Hannibal Lector. Who played the same character 5 years earlier in a different movie?
Where did Antonin Dvorak go to write his American String Quartet?
In 1979, with Bernadette Peters as guest star, who stood in for Johnny Carson as guest host of The Tonight Show?
What is written on the drape hanging behind the stage in Hole's "Miss World" video?
At what school did Bob Denver get a job coaching and being a part- time teacher once he finished college?
What was supposedly done to Che Guevera's body before his secretive burial?
What song did Sting write for a Japanese beer commercial?
What did David Letterman do to Angela Lansbury's picture at the new CBS store?
Conan O'Brien has a mug shaped like what person?
Why did the Lawrence administration shut down the Memorial Union the spring of 1952?
Where is the Tupperware Awareness Center located?
What is Boba Fett's first line in The Empire Strikes Back?
In the Spawn comic book, what is the first name of Spawn's widow?
Who laid out the town green of Fort Casmir Delaware in 1651?
In the first episode of Three's Company, where do Janet and Chrissy meet Jack for the very first time?
On the kid's show Masked Rider, who plays the character Count Dragon?
Who played Voltimand in the New York Production of Hamlet in 1936-7 (John Gielgud was Hamlet)?
In The Neverending Story by Michael Endee, what in inscribed on the back of the Auryn?
Name the leader of the jazz group which is performing the following Disney Classic.
Name the actors who played the Ropers on Three's Company.
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods," to "nectar for the dogs." In the Champagne region of France, Methuselah, Salmanazar, and Balthazar all refer to volumes of wine in liters. What name denotes 15 liters (20 bottles) of wine in this naming system?
Which day of what year did Du Pont refer to as "Nylon Day"?
What did Andy Ricter say after jumping into the giant salad bowl on The Conan O'Brien Show?
During the Vietnam War, the Pentagon issued what playing card to US soldiers because members of the Viet Cong were morbidly afraid of it?
In the movie Toy Story what is the name of the toy store mentioned at the end of the Buzz Lightyear action figure commercial?
In the movie Toy Story what does the bumper sticker by the head of Sid's bed say?
In the book by Antoine de Saint Exupéry, what is the first request the Little Prince makes of the narrator?
Brother and Sister Bear of the Berenstain Bears book series had a cousin. What was his name?
What is the name of the person who created 6,000 new bingo cards with non-repeating number groupings and went insane in the process?
In Jerry Spinelli's Maniac Magee, what was Maniac Magee allergic to?
In the books by A.A. Milne, what game did Pooh invent and who won the most times?
What was the first toy produced by the Lesney Products & Co. Ltd in Great Britain?
In the movie Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, what was Augustus Gloop's hometown?
Who is the prospector in the movie Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer?
Who created the character Raggedy Ann?
In the "Danger Mouse" series, what was the name of Baron Greenback's pet?
What cartoonist won a short story writing contest in the magazine Jack and Jill in 1962?
In the episode "Detention Doldrums" of the English dub of Sailor Moon, what cardian was called forth?
In Winnie-the-Pooh, by AA Milne, what two presents does Eeyore get for his birthday?
In Dante's Inferno, when Dante and Virgil reach the lowest reaches of hell, three souls are in the Mouths of Satan. Who are they, and why are they there?
Why was the execution of Charles Guiteau for killing James Garfield contested?
How was Richard I, aka Richard the Lionhearted, assassinated?
What was Saint Joan of Arc canonized for, and when? Also, what pope canonized her?
This man was beatified, but never canonized after his death in 1262. Perhaps it was due to his comment to a pining priest who said, "pray for me." Curtly dismissive, he responded, "pray for yourself."
What saint was reportedly able to withstand being "combed with iron hooks and rubbed with vinegar and salt, and then fettered and thrown into prison but they found her praying, and all the chains broken; she was shut up in a pen with wild beasts, but they lay down at her feet"? She was beheaded in 306 A.D.
The word "assassin" has what Arabic word as its basis? Also, what does it mean?
A few years, a Fort Atkinson, WI native, Josh E. Sawyer's brother, Marc Sawyer, visited their sister Jessica Sawyer in New Orleans. He brought back a New Orleans Saints t-shirt for Josh. It would be difficult for Josh or March to visit Jessica now, though. Where does she live?
In 1907, Elinor Glyn's novel Three Weeks, caused a major uproar among American audiences for its racy plot of an older woman seducing a young man. Sales of the book soared after it was condemned by watchdog groups. To promote her work, Glyn took a "sightseeing" tour of the US. On which ship did she arrive?
According to the Lawrence Course Catalog, from what 2 metropolitan areas does the take 5½ hours to reach Lawrence?
What super hero from Marvel Comics has Dolph Lundgren played in a movie?
After killing Martin Luther King, Jr., James Earl Ray fled to London. Just before his arrest, he called several London newspapers. What did he ask them?
What is the name of the actor who portrays Boba Fett in the Star Wars Trilogy?
In 1977, George Philip Teleman, the Director of church music in Hamburg died. Who was his successor?
Everyone loves Infocom's old interactive fiction games, especially the horror adventure "Lurking Horror," set in the George Underwood Edwards Institute of Technology. What fictional brand of floor wax does GUE Tech use to clean its floors?
The name Manhattan is taken from a Delaware Indian word meaning what?
What was Lili St. Cyr's occupation?
Before becoming a successful actor, Marlon Brando worked as a department store elevator operator, a job he quit after 4 days. Why did he quit this job?
The military's most prestigious award was originally only for Navy and Marine personnel. On March 25, 1863, 6 participants of the ill- fated Andrews' raid were the 1st Army members to receive the medal. Who presented it to them?
In the original serial of the comic book Sin City, what was Gladys?
In a Memo to All Concerned on April 20th, 1966, Gene Rodenberry outlined all of the characters that had been finalized for Star Trek. In the description for Sulu, Rodenberry mentioned that something may feel an affection for Yeoman Rand, much to her horror. What was this something?
Before 1662, when a Dutch anatomist coined the term "ovary," what was the medical term for this reproductive organ?
According to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes stories, what profession did Holmes take up after retiring as a detective?
Who did Paul McCartney bring to the recording of "Fixing a Hole"?
the lecture/recital given on January 21, 1996 in the Lawrence Conservatory was dedicated to whom?
What is a couter and where does it go on the body? Think protectively.
The First US mail addressed to "Boxholder" as opposed to the actual occupant's name, was an advertisement for what?
To the dismay of many loyal Trek fans, Star Trek: The Next Generation ended last year. Gene Rodenberry was the producer until his death, but he was the third choice of Paramount to take that job. Who was the father/son team and the other individual asked to produce the show?
In the comic Storm Watch, STORM WATCH works for what world organization?
Why did Cab Calloway create "scatting"?
In the movie Pulp Fiction, what was the punch line of the "Fox Force Five" joke?
Name the radio station Harrison Ford worked for in 1965 and the high school it's located at.
The statue of the Doyle Owl, Reed College's mascot, appears in which music video by what group?
Batman's partner in the Dynamic Duo, Robin the Boy Wonder has been voiced by three people in animated cartoons. Who were the first two?
Who was the 1st woman to be sentenced to legally hang in the US?
According to Ian Flemming's James Bond novels, which company does James Bond officially work for?
What is the name of the cave to which Gandalf (of J.R.R. Tolkien fame) belongs?
What American city was the first to get a traffic light?
What two automobile companies merged on May 1, 1954?
Ed Krol wrote a book on the Internet. In this book he compares the Unix Mail System to a car. What kind of car is it?
What building in Jackson County was completely razed on Saturday, April 26, 1975 after it was gutted by fire the summer before?
Which of the Mechanicals from A Midsummer Night's Dream plays the part of the Lion?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods" to "the blight of the people." The red grape variety named for "the blood of Jove (Jupiter) is called what?
What is the full name of Woody Harrelson's character on the TV show "Cheers"?
On the show Full House what record company do Jesse and the Rippers sign up with?
Which state in the US is the farthest west?
In The Neverending Story by Michael Ende, when Bastian doesn't come to the Childlike Empress in the Ivory Tower, whom does she go to see?
In what state did Arbor day begin and who proposed it?
What is the 3rd ingredient listed on the box of Sprecher Root Beer?
What is Quadragesima Sunday?
In 1769 what Franciscan priest started a series of missions in California to convert Native Americans to Christianity?
Who played Cowboy Curtis on Pee-wee's Playhouse?
In the Hanna-Barbara cartoon Dynomutt, what was the name of Dynomutt's human companion?
What was the article that Michael Rosen wrote for the December 1995 Percussive Notes called?
What is on the pocket protector that Trivia Master Benate had been wearing all weekend?
What city was Helen abducted from?
Everyone loves Infocom's old interactive fiction games, especially "The Hitchhikers' Guide to the Galaxy." In this game, you must create the seedling of the last surviving tree from a dead tropical plant by combining four pieces of what?
We all know Jack Nicholson played The Joker in the first Batman movie with Michael Keaton, but who supplied the voice of The Joker for Batman: the Animated Series and Batman: Mask of the Phantom?
In 1991, a group calling itself Replace All Institutional Symbols with Shut Out Elvis replaced Carlton College's American Flag with an Elvis flag. They refused to return the original until what demand was met?
If you were looking at 234 Combate de las Piedas in San Miguel de Tucuman, Argentina, what would you be looking at?
What minion of the Dark Lord in The Lord of the Rings had forgotten his own name and when only by his title?
Josh is lazy and he doesn't want to make birthday cards for his friend Whitney. Please make Whitney a birthday card using at least four colors (besides black and white) and bring them to the steps of the Chapel with the answer to this question: what is Nicholas Cage's real last name? Write your team name on the card.
In 1820, Lord Palmerston, the Secretary of State of England, was shot en route to the War Office in London. The man who shot him was a disgruntled member of the British Army. His dissatisfaction stemmed from the fact that he had been denied a pension even after taking extreme measures to procure it. What was the extreme measure he took?
In the Poul Anderson story "Iron," in what passage is Robert Saxtorph attacked by a Kzin?
What Star Trek:TNG actor was featured on the premiere of a Stephen Sondheim musical? Also, what was the musical?
In The Neverending Story by Michael Ende, what new name does Bastian give the Childlike Empress?
Who was the first Jewish Supreme Court Justice?
What colors of lasers will Green Reflec armor protect you from in the Paranoia Role-Playing game by West End Games?
What is the name of the island just off the downstream tip of Roosevelt Island in Washington D.C.?
In what American city can one find a road named "The Road to Happiness"?
When the game Twister first came out it was played on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, but Mr. Carson and one of his guests. Who was the guest?
Lawrence owns a computer whose desktop is numbered 5959 and Action Q whose monitor is numbered 5960. These numbers are on LU ID tags. What kind of a computer is it and where is it located? Bring your answer and team name on a sheet of paper to Carlie Kraft, who will be practicing in the lobby outside Harper Hall. The sheet of paper should also include the answer to this question: What is the name of the first song on the most recent CD released by the LU Percussion Ensemble?
What's the mailing address for Anne Rice's Vampire Lestat Fan Club?
Who are the Barbie and Ken dolls named after?
What type of tropical fish, known for their ferocity, are named after a famous pugilist?
In the Falls Cinema 1 & 2 in Black River Falls, WI what is the picture beneath the picture of Sylvester Stalone's movie F.I.S.T.?
On the show Nowhere Man when Thomas Vale left his father's new home he took a cab. What was the cab company's name?
What words did John Wilkes Booth yell as he leapt from the balcony of Ford's Theatre after shooting Abraham Lincoln? What did it mean? Also, what were his last words, and what was he referring to? This is a four-part question.
In what American city can one find streets named "Damn if I Know," "Damn if I Care," and "Damn if I Will,"?
Everyone should know that Abraham Lincoln was assassinated on April 14th, 1865. Less well known is the fact that Lincoln's son Robert had a brush with death while on a train platform. He was saved from death by a bystander, who hauled Robert out of the way of the oncoming train. Who was this Good Samaritan?
Who are the only four US Presidents ever to reach age 85? Trivia
Which US President once played the role of Desdemona in Shakespeare's Othello?
According to some sources, President Andrew Jackson was not born in the United States but where?
William Howard Taft was the heaviest President, weighing in at 325 lbs. He also was the first president to keep cars at the Executive Mansion. Out of the four cars he had, two were Pierce Arrows. What were the brands of the other two cars?
Upon receiving the first Japanese ambassador to the US, President Buchanan was given "The Emperor's Bowl." What is the significance of this bowl?
At an auction of Confederate booty held after the conclusion of the Civil War, Johnson purchased a coffee maker which was previously owned by whom?
What type of gun did Leon Czolgosz use to kill William McKinley?
What is the name of the song that was written in honor of Zachary Shut Out Taylor's role in the victory at Buena Vista?
Which former US President was featured in Look magazine for modeling ski clothes?
Before being elected President of the United States, what part of Grover Cleveland's body was removed?
What did President Adams keep on his mantle piece?Thrown Out
On what street in New York City is Grant's tomb located?
What did Grover Cleveland wish for Franklin Roosevelt?
In the 1980's an English songwriter used the theme of this Prokofiev tune to write what song?
The Swedish Chef, the Electric Mayhem and a proto Miss Piggy first appeared in a pilot shown on ABC in March of 1975. What was the pilot titled?
What was the name of the world inhabited by reptilian muppets King Ploobis and his family, featured occasionally in the first season of Saturday Night Live?
In the final season of The Muppet Show Roger Moore guest starred. During an attack on his life by ? and ?-colored bunnies and dogs, Roger sang what song?
What aspect of Garzo the Great's personality helped sell the character for Muppet performer Dave Goelz?
Besides being statler to Jim Henson's Woldarf, Richard Hart performed one of the characters in another Muppet pair. Who was it?
According to the Star Wars Holiday Special, what are the names of Chewbacca's father, wife, and son?
Jim Henson's five minute television show Sam and Friends first appeared on TV in 1958 and ran twice a day in the morning and late at night. What show did it follow in the evenings?
On the Muppet Show, which group was the largest group of guest Stars on the show?
What are the names of the four fairy tale-esque shows Jim Henson made with the Muppets?
The Beach Boys album 20/20 contains a song titled "Never Learn Not To Love." Originally the song was titled "Cease to Exist." Who wrote this song?
What was the name given to the English Civil War of 1263-67?
What were the first two places in America that Samuel Beckett's play Endgame played?
When Giuseppe Zangara attempted to assassinate FDR, the would-be assassin had to compensate for his shortness by balancing on a chair. When he fired, he fell and shot another political figure, who later died. Who was this accidental assassination victim?
In the original cast of characters for the comic book team The Wild C.A.T.S, which was the only character that was not an alien or a half- breed of a human and alien?
In Star Wars: A New Hope, what character says "That's impossible. Even for a computer!"?
In the movie Billy Madison, what was missing from Adam Sandler's lunches that he wanted so desperately?
Assassin Artemis Entreri, from the Icewind Dale trilogy, by R.A. Salvatore, was at one time employed by Pasha Pook. According to to the short story, "The Third Level," by Salvatore, who was Entreri first employer?
In episode no. 18 of the Monkees TV series, the Monkees are captured by a mad scientist. Before the scientist transfers their voices to his monster, the monster can only sing one thing. What is it?
Name the three members of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts Council with the initials KB, AH, and AR. They are all males.
What was the first word said on the moon?
What's written on the dedication page of the book that won the 1994 Newberry Medal?
Who was the 1st Irish priest to settle in Arizona?
What US states have borders with Canada in more than one compass direction?
What book was banned by the school board of Racine, WI in 1984 for containing "a lot more funny pictures of Republicans and nicer pictures of Democrats"?
The following is a series of sound clips from several old commercials. Name all five products.
Richard Jugge, an Elizabethan painter, once had the sole right to print what book?
Only one woman has been both mother and wife to a US president. Who is she, and which two presidents was she related to?
Jane Smiley won a Pulitzer Prize for her novel A Thousand Acres. In A Thousand Acres, what was the name, first and last, of the man Ginny had an affair with?
What is the nation's oldest women's fraternity that belongs to the National Panhellenic Conference and where was it established?
What is Lady Bird Johnson's real first name?
Of Peter, Susan, Edmond, and Lucy, who was killed in a train wreck and returned for all eternity to Narnia?
Who was the first female to hold a Presidential Cabinet position?
What female singer, who also recorded "La Caciones Mi Padre," got her start in a group called the Stone Ponies with a song written by Mike Nesmith called "Different Drum"?
Name the only woman to win two Newberry Awards within the past 6 years.
According to the Weekly World News, what 6 pointers do the Earth Shut Out Women Against Alien Brutality recommend to avoid UFO abduction?
What social women's fraternity was Candice Bergen a member of in college?
Who was a curiosity when she travelled to England in the early 1600's, using her Christian name of Lady Rebecca?
Who said "The difference between sex and love is that sex relieves tension and love causes it"?
Who is the only woman percussionist with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra?
Who wrote poems and plays, one of which was titled "45 Mercy Street," which Peter Gabriel based a song on? She also wrote "Transformation" and "To Bedlam and Part Way Back."
Where was the 1st crematorium in the US built?
Who is the only horse jockey known to have won a race while dead?
What were John Wilkes Booth's last 2 words?
What did not actually occur the evening of January 14, 1991 in Downer Commons but many people thought was happening?
In 1920, Ray Chapman of the Cleveland Indians died en route to first base after being struck in the head by a wild pitch. Who through the pitch that killed Chapman?
Who was the first person to die in Wazee Lake (optional: Jackson County, WI)?
What was the name of the demon head that the Knights Templar supposedly worshipped?
The first person to be formally cremated in the United States was cremated on December 9, 1792. What was this person's name?
In 1903, convict Fred Van Wormer was sentenced to die by electrocution. The 1st attempt supposedly killed him, yet he revived when brought into the autopsy room. Finally, while waiting for the executioner to return, Van Wormer died—a fact that did not stop prison authorities from sending 1700 volts through his corpse for 30 seconds, making him the first dead man to be electrocuted. Who was the executioner who botched the job?
What two ships collided on January 30, 1895?
In the 1890's, performer Tommy Minnock had himself nailed to a cross in front of audiences. While being crucified, what song did he sing for his audience?
Bing Crosby died from a heart attack that he suffered after completing 17 holes of what golf course?
On Dec. 4, 1982, Thomas Hart was killed when what struck his car?
Richard Roose has the distinction of being the first person to be executed in what manner?
Who was the first person to be buried in the Merrillan, WI cemetery?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods" to "snooty people's beer." The indentation in the bottom of a wine or champagne bottle is called a what?
What newspaper has featured headlines such as "Ancient Pyramids Destroyed by Youth's Sarcasm," and "Tiger Attacks Bill Clinton"?
On March 16th, 1861, the Confederate Congress authorized the Confederate States of America Marine Corps. Who was the Confederate Marine Corps 1st Commander?
Who directed the Breeders' video "Last Splash"?
What loveable Belgian farmer did Fred Alley play in American Folklore Theatre's production of Belgian's in Heaven?
'80's female pop star Cyndi Lauper co-starred with Jeff Goldblum in what movie about psychics?
The banner is often the emblem associated with this saint, whose feast day was April 23rd but later changed to April 18th after the Catholic Church reduced his cult to a local status in 1969.
Benedictine, a liqueur made in France, bears three initials, "D.O.M." What do they stand for and what do they mean?
Justin Weaver from Randolph, New York was elected to what position by how many votes?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods" to "potential hard liquor! What are you waiting for?" What is the Portuguese term for grape juice that has been prevented from fully fermenting by the addition of alcohol?
In the comic book series Akina what identifying mark does the character Akina have on his hand?
To win a dollar on Saturday Night Live, John Belushi attempted to grab a marble out of a bowl of what?
On Gilligan's Island who ran for president of the island and who was elected?
On the new Smashing Pumpkins album Melon Collie and the Infinite Sadness a sound byte from a popular computer game is used. Where is it from?
On the back of the record Songs of Metric Man it gives the story of Metric Man. What is his secret identity and what magic word does say to become Metric Man?
We are about to listen to an audio sample of "Sing et Ein Nenes Lied," which translates to "sing a new song" from 6 Chants Bibliques. Who wrote this piece and who is singing?
What is the name of the gas station in the movie Toy Story where Buzz and Woody get lost?
In the game Atmosfear, what is the name of the mummy?
What character from the Star Wars Trilogy first appeared in a TV program?
Momentarily, we are going to be listening to a one minute excerpt of Total Shut Out a classical music piece. It is a clarinet quintet. Who composed it?
What Emmy winner from this last year (1994) used to work in the Yiddish Theatre telling other people's jokes in Yiddish?
What did Bob Hoskins do when he worked for the circus?
Geographically, what do Saint Paul, Minnesota, and Turin, Italy have in common?
In his annual message to Congress , December 1823, President Monroe gave a speech that came to be known as the Monroe Doctrine. Who wrote the speech for the President?
US President Grover Cleveland once served as the hangman of which county?
What is the Kwik Trip Travel Center sign at the I-94 exit in Mauston shaped like?
What is the first line of The Empire Strikes Back, and who delivers it?
Northern Illinois University is located in DeKalb County. Who was DeKalb County named for and what was his nationality?
On April 23, 1893 John Galsworthy makes friends with the first mate of the ship on which he is traveling. The first mate being Joseph Conrad, what is the name of the ship?
What as the name of Automan's computer companion on the ABC television fantasy cop/show?
In the National Lampoon's Christmas Christmas Vacation what mug is Clark drinking out of at the office when he talks about a swimming pool with his friend (1st office scene)?
The Charles Gerard Conn Company is famous for first manufacturing what instrument?
What cover did Russian spy Alexander Foot assume when stationed in Switzerland?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods" to "Kool-aid gone horribly wrong." The United States' system used to measure the sugar content of grapes and wine is named after what German inventor?
What song did Jim Carrey sing on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno on December 23, 1994?
In The Last Unicorn by Peter S. Beagle, the unicorn is turned into a human maiden. What is the name given to her?
Who were the five original X-Men?
The Simpsons first aired on Dec. 17, 1989. What was the episode title?
What product was originally marketed by Max Kiss under the brand name Bo-Bo?
Who was the youngest Supreme Court Justice to take the bench?
Who built the first highway to skirt the Columbia River in Oregon?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods" to "expensive Drain-O." The grape hybrid which was developed by the University of California at Davis and which is a cross between Muscat and Grenache Gris is called what? (it was introduced in 1981)
What is the third word in the text of Warren Spahn's plaque at Cooperstown?
What happens to Marley just after leaving Scrooge's room in Disney's Mickey's Christmas Carol?
In Peter Hedges' novel What's Eating Gilbert Grape, what kind of car does Amy Grape drive?
For what was Mark Woulfe credited in The Return of the Jedi?
While Apple was designing its Power Macintosh 6100, the designers referred to it with the name Carl Sagan. After Mr. Sagan threatened legal action, the designers began to refer to it with the letters BHA. What did these letters stand for?
Keverich Source: The Book of Lists 2
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods" to "Hot Damn! This stuff is good! Let's have another bottle! *hic*! Name the small French wine bottle which holds about 50 centiliters (about 17 ounces).
Which two Lawrence presidents were born in the same year and died in the same year?
What song was the number two hit of 1988?
Who became director of the CIA after William E. Colby resigned?
In the Image comic book universe, who is Jeff Terrel better known as, and to what team does he belong?
In 1935, Kodak introduced Kodachrome. Shortly after, another company came out with a similar process. What was the name of this company?
Under what park is the only earthquake fault line in Maryland located?
What US city is popularly referred to as "Flour City"?
In what recent action movie did an Italian hit man swing down from the doorway of his apartment, unleashing double-fisted lead upon government lackeys? Also, who played this hard-ass assassin?
What is Yoda's first line of the Star Wars Trilogy?
In the movie Toy Story who was the "Digital Angel" according to the credits?
On what saint's feast day did the Battle of Agincourt take place? Also, what profession is the saint the patron of?
What king said the following on his death bed: "Thou liest, thou liest! My portion lies with the Lord Jesus Christ!"
At what shipyard was the Titanic built?
Joe Meek and Josh Sawyer are fencing on the Lawe St. bridge. Go there and observe the bout. When it is finished, call in the name of the victor and the score.Children's Hour
In the book The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, what type of animal did the little prince tame on earth?
On The Simpson's what did Homer buy Marge for her 34th birthday?
Ron Popeil has had three miserable product failures. What are they?
Who was the producers' original choice to play Sam Malone on the TV show "Cheers"?
Peter and Connie Roop, both graduates of Lawrence are authors of children's joke books. What 2 books of theirs are in the waiting area by Dean Hemwall's office?
According to Irish mythology, Oisin (Isheen), son of Finn MacCool, was invited to the Island of the Young by the beautiful Niamh (Niav), daughter of Manannan. He stayed there for 300 years with her, then followed his yearning to see his homeland again, but as soon as his feet touched his Irish soil again, he turned into a blind old man. What is the Celtic name for this Island of the Young Oisin traveled to?
In the world of Frank Herbert's Dune, the Sardaukar are the most feared warriors in the galaxy until the Fremen replace them. The highest title a Sardaukar could receive was the "Guardian of the Empire." With this title, the recipient was also awarded what medal and what order?
According to Egyptian legend, the architect who designed the earliest Egyptian pyramids ascended to heaven as a god after his death. What was his name?
Which two memorable Disney characters played Marley and The Ghost of Christmas Past in Disney's Mickey's Christmas Carol?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods," to "oh Lord, Uncle Henry's back on the Chianti again." A Spanish goatskin bag which holds about a liter of wine is called a what?
When Portugal's Pedro I ascended to the throne, he ordered his dead mistress to be dug up and placed on a throne as his queen. What was her name?
What current controversial health care issue did Margaret Sanger start fighting for in the 1920's?
What hung over Sam Malone's office door on the set of Cheers?
President Wilson was awarded what medal from Poland?
Somewhere on campus is a painting of Carl J. Waterman. Go Action Q there, meet a master and await further instructions.Off Campus
About which city did Rudyard Kipling remark: "Having seen it…I desire urgently never to see it again. Its air is dirt."
In David Sedaris' story "SantaLand Diaries," what was the first elf name the narrator picked out for himself?
What super hero's real name is Cole Cash?
In the seas around Orkney and Shetland, live the shy seal like fairies, the Selkies. A female Selkie can discard her seal-skin and emerge as a beautiful maiden. If a human can capture this skin, the Selkie can be forced to become his wife. If she ever finds the skin, she'll immediately return to the sea. The male Selkies raise storms and upturn boats to avenge the indiscriminate slaughter of seals. What is the Irish name for these seal-fairies?
Name the sponsorsInfocom
Everyone loves Infocom's old Interactive Fiction games, especially the fantasy adventure Zork III. According to this game, who is the President of Frobozz Co. International?
In Back to the Future, when he first meets Doc Brown to test the time machine, Marty McFly drives past a sign that reads "Twin Pines Mall." What does the sign say when he drives past it again near the end of the movie?
Although not saints, the trivia masters pretend to be important religious figures in their skit "The Return of the Spanish Inquisition" with Prof. Ed Kern, Ph.D. What are the titles and names mentioned in the skit?
In what city does the movie The Mask take place?
In Kenneth Branagh's Frankenstein, who portrayed Professor Waldman?
What was the name of the house of prostitution in the movie The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas?
Who performed the musical score for the movie The Mask?
Who is the only cast member in the movie Four Rooms not mentioned in the credits?
In the movie Live and Let Die, what did Bond's taxi driver say he'd do for $20, other than follow the car Bond wanted to catch?
In the movie Jumanji, who is the statue in the town square of?
What are the names of Val Kilmer's three pet buffalo?
According to Quentin Tarantino, what movie inspired his choreography of Uma Thurman's dancing in Pulp Fiction?
Who first gave Joseph Keaton his famous nickname, Buster?
What does Mahoney's T-Shirt say when he shows up at the police academy for the very first time in the movie Police Academy?
In the 80's not so classic movie Zombie Nightmare, starring Jon Shut Out Mikl Thor, Adam West, and Tia Carrere, 10 bands had songs listed in the credits. Name 7 of them.
In Dune, when Stilgar presents the Fedaykin to Paul Muad'Dib, how does be set them apart from the other Fremen warriors?
Give the professional names of the six criminals, and the names of their boss and his son from Reservoir Dogs.
In the movie The Mask, what kind of car does Stanley Ipkiss own?
In the 80's movie Zombie Nightmare, starring John Mikl Thor, Shut Out Adam West, & Tia Carrere, what group did the incidental music?
In the movie Toy Story what is the name of the moving Company who moves Andy's family?
In Lawrence of Arabia, when T.E. Lawrence is about to take an easy by morally ambiguous way out of a situation by leaving the Arabs, Sherif Ali attempts to stop him by telling him that the clothing he is wearing isn't clean. What is Lawrence's somewhat symbolic response?
In the game Atmosfear what kind of a supernatural being is Hellin?
What two actors from Star Trek had appearances on the TV Show Bonanza?
The shopping cart was invented by Sylvan Goldman in 1937. Mounted on wheels, this contraption was just converted from what?
What was New Castle, Delaware originally called?
In the movie Young Einstein, what is the real name of Darwin's beagle?
Who reminded her husband, who was serving in Philadelphia with the Constitutional Convention, "not to forget the ladies,"?
According to the introduction of Winnie-the-Pooh, what is Pooh's original name?
What did Babe Ruth put under his baseball cap to keep cool on hot days?
Who is the Assistant Superintendent for Curriculum & Shut Out Instruction for the Green Bay School System?
In the Usagi Yojimbo comic book, ninja from what clan assassinate Lord Mifune's son and wife?
What town is home of the International Worm Fiddling Contest?
On Dec. 28th, 1862, General Grant ordered the discharge of a certain private due to chronic diarrhea. This man was born in Michigan, and was age 23 when he enlisted on Oct. 21, 1861 in Black River Falls. He was described as having blue eyes, brown hair, a sandy complexion, and stood 6'2" tall. Who was he?
In Beijing on Feb. 26, 1992, Xu Denghai was hospitalized with a "twisted intestine." What supposedly brought on this condition?
Who designed the George Washington Bridge in 1931?
The first leper hospital was founded in 1894 in what state?
What type of bird was the first type of bird discovered to be poisonous?
For whom, according to the first issue of the magazine, is the Shut Out New Yorker not?
Who did Sting originally intend the song "Be Still My Beating Heart" to be sung by?
Which characters from DC Comics super team the Teen Titans have appeared on television?
Go to J.E. Sawyer homepage on Netscape to find out who "wir lieben." Then, send e-mail to SAWYERJ with your team name and who "wir lieben."
Who were the members of the chorus fade out in "Yellow Submarine"?
In the movie 12 Monkeys, what did the sticker say that was used to cover Jeffery's father's eyes?
Who was the first President of Lawrence University?
Wine has been called everything from "nectar of the gods," to "worse than eating soap." A French bottle of wine which should be chilled before serving will have what word on the label?
What painting by Michael Whelan had a one inch hole in the center of it after shipping?
In the game Nightmare what's the name of the vampire?
What were the contents of the box found within the corner Shut Out stone of the Carnegie Library of Lawrence University in 1974?
Who baptized Jim Morrison of The Doors?Shut Out
What had been located in the south east corner of the indoor dining room of the Chesterfield Inn, located in scenic Mineral Point, when it was managed by the Ouens of Brittany?
At the Battle of Agincourt, a French nobleman engaged Henry V in single combat. During their battle, the nobleman knocked a piece of Henry V's battle-crown off by bashing him in the head with a battle-axe. When Henry rose again, undaunted, the nobleman surrendered. Who was this nobleman, and what was his fate in the battle?
On Thursday, Dec. 21, 1995, the Navy Commodores Jazz Ensemble gave a concert in the Chicago Hilton's Grand Ballroom as part of the 49th Annual Midwest International Band and Orchestra Clinic. Audience members received on their chairs a plastic "Christmas Stocking" from United Musical Instruments, Inc. with 5 items inside. One item was a button which read "I am the future of music." What were the other four items?
When the 1997 US figure skating championships get underway on Feb. 8, who will be the oldest competitor?
Who uttered the sound advice: "When you have no basis for an argument, abuse the plaintiff"? Please give his full name.
What are the names of the two lions that stand watch over the entrance to the New York Public Library's central research branch in Manhattan?
Whose fan club address is 201 Glen Ave. SW Ft. Payne, Alabama, 35967?
Who was the first person to lead the Pledge of Allegiance at a Presidential inauguration? Where was this person from?
Who appeared on the cover of the magazine that featured the short story "Down the Shore" by Ellen Susman?
According to the legends in Scotland and Ireland, if you were to see the bean-nighe (ben-neeyah), or washing woman, washing your blood stained garments in a stream, what does it signify?
Which constitution prohibits vaporization without representation?
How did 73 year old Cincinnati judge Fred Cramer attempt to fit in with modern trends?
Who were the first two Rhodes scholars that Lawrence University produced?
In the children's book Momo, by Michael Ende, what commodity are the Grey Men stealing?
As a baby, Humphrey Bogart appeared on packages of what brand of baby food?
What's the email address for Seventeen magazine's column "what-EVER"?
Who patented a machine gun in 1718 that fired square bullets?
What movie is the line "Hi, this is Lenny. What'd you have in mind?" from?
Trivia Master Beth is somewhere on campus. Find her, obtain Action Q her signature and bring the signature to the Line of Death. Off Campus
What is the title of Flyguy's poem in I'm Gonna Git You Sucka that earns him the title "Pimp of the Year"? Also, what real-life band plays his theme music?
Who was 1995's "Most-Ruined Character" of daytime TV, according to Soap Opera Digest?
During an episode of The Muppet Show, the Muppet Theater is taken over by a group of Muppets, locking Fozzie, Kermit, and Gonzo in a room. How did the guest star resolve the problem?
Which pirate, also known to have outlawed drinking and gambling on his ships, holds the record for the greatest number of ships plundered?
Who played Wonder Girl opposite Linda Carter's Wonder Woman in the ABC television series?
In 1977 UW Madison student Leon Varjian wrote a petition to change the name of the University of Wisconsin-Madison to what?
In the June, 1872 edition of "The Collegian," one of Lawrence's early publications, a book that Lawrence had recently received several copies of was denounced as unworthy to be "put on the same library shelves that house such masterpieces as…Pilgrim's Progress, Paradise Lost, and the classics in Greek and Latin." What was this controversial book?
What did Austrian immigrant Leo Hirschfield incent in 1896?
Whose portrait appears on the ten thousand dollar bill
Where is the state of Kentucky's official state tug-of-war competition held?
What is the nationality of Pirelli from Stephen Sondheim's zany musical, Sweeny Todd?
According to the first Greek pharmacists, which two mythological figures ruled over the preparation of medicine?
What color are the taxis in Málaga, Spain?
What delayed the debut of the first episode of Doctor Who by 10 minutes?
What's the first thing to be happy about in the book, 14,000 Things to be Happy About?
Which American writer said: "When he is late for dinner and I know he must be either having an affair or lying dead in the street, I always hope he's dead"?
I am about to play a musical excerpt from the fourth movement of a symphony. Identify the symphony and composer.
The community of Hardscrabble was founded in the first half of the 19th century by Irish who had worked on the Illinois and Michigan canal. What is that community called today?
What is the name of the baby pictured on the cover of Nirvana's album "Nevermind"?
Who were the 5 people who gave speeches at Lawrence University's centennial celebration in June of 1947?
What role did Peter Capell play in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Which reigning queens of their own right in England are descended from Geoffrey Chaucer's father-in-law?
I am about to play a musical excerpt. It is from the start of a piece of classical music. Please identify the piece and the composer.
Rush (the band, not the politician) sang "I've got twelve disciples and a Buddha smile." What words followed these?
What's the consolation prize for a rejected applicant to the Legion of Super-Heroes?Total Shut Out
Post-production of the movie Star Trek IV was delayed because most of the special effects specialists were tied up with what other motion picture?
What words follow "Remember me to Harold Square" in George M. Cohan's song, "Give My Regards to Broadway"?
What is the name of Barbie's high school?
Famous jazz bassist Milt Hinton worked at a cleaning and pressing (dry cleaning) place when he was 16. Where was the store located?
What Life photographer was reported missing over Laos in 1971?
How does Chamberlain officially lose his title and become an outcast in The Dark Crystal?
In the movie The Secret of Roan Inish, what is the name of the fifth girl who is searching for her baby brother (first and last name)?
The plaque on The Celebrate Rock, on the campus of Lawrence University, has the line of what song on it?
Who hosted the ABC fall programming preview show in 1967?
What Primus song includes the words "it's a cold day on Ellis Isle"?
Who platted and incorporated the town of El Dorado Springs, Missouri in 1881?
Where did Marlon Brando attend boarding school?
On June 11, 1986, The Police appeared in Atlanta at Amnesty International's Conspiracy of Hope tour. What was significant about this performance?
What is the official state sport of Maryland?
In the Lightning movie classic The Alchemist, who (real life names of the actors) were the demons?
In Disney's movie Fantasia, who directed the orchestra?
Alexander Graham Bell submitted his designs for the telephone only hours before what other inventor submitted independently developed telephone designs?
What is the name of the bellhop from Four Rooms and what name does he particularly hate being called?
Who won the first gold medal of the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta?
What is the name of the oldest listener operated radio station in the United States?
Name the man who claims that packages he shipped while developing a popular toy landed him on the FBI's list of Unabomber suspects. What toy did he develop?
What material is a reversible cross-linked gel made from guar gum?
What was the second piece played by William Terwilliger and Andrew Cooperstock at their guest recital at Lawrence's Harper Hall on October 6, 1995?
In the British Library there are a lot of books, but only are scourge open to public view. What is written on the thongs of this scourge?
What is the call sign of the only female member of the Quake Clan Impulse 9?
What "pioneering muckraker" dubbed the robber barons "American Pashas"?
Name the composer who wrote "The Dance of the Hours" and the opera it appears in.
Who all says the line "I've got a bad feeling about this" in the Star Wars Trilogy?
The entrance to Looking-Glass Land is in who's quarters at Christ Church college?
What does the word Dachshund mean?
Who is the only artist to have his or her work displayed in the Louvre during their lifetime?
Name the three good fairies in Disney's Sleeping Beauty?
In Berke Breathed's cartoon strip Bloom County, what is written on the six megaton payload of the X-15 cruise basselope?
Everyone knows the favorite pizza toppings here in America. Other countries have very different tastes, however. According to a recent poll conducted by Domino's Pizza, what is the most popular pizza topping in the Bahamas?
Name the two Moonmen that Rocky and Bullwinkle meet in the Rocky and Bullwinkle Show.
In Berke Breathed's comic strip Bloom County, Ronald-Ann writes a letter to Michael Jackson. What does she offer him in exchange for one million dollars?
What was the name of the ninja group the Saiga Magoichi was the head of?
What village was named the most beautiful village in Spain?
Who was the first president to visit Ford's Theatre since Lincoln's assassination?
On what soap did Kate Mulgrew appear between 1975 and 1977?
Who said: "The nobly born must nobly meet his fate"?
Who coined the word "nerd"?
What was the first name suggested for commercial nylon stockings?
Name the actress who played the grumpy "magageress" of the Canteen at Grace Bros in the British hit series Are You Being Served?
Who's pictured on the cover of July/August 1995 Saturday Evening Post?
In the movie Star Trek IV, The Voyage Home, who was supposed to play a psychic who would have chased the crew around San Francisco, trying to convince everyone that the crew were aliens?
Who are all the members of Strawberry Shortcake's clan?
What was the name of the recording band that Trombonist Kid Ory played in with Louis Armstrong in the 1920's?
In the early 1850's the site of the town we know as Neenah was known as…?
On the show 5 Pace Ghost Coast to Coast, the villains do a rendition of "The 12 Days of Christmas." What does Tonzid get from his true love on the 4th day?
What did the Roman Senate specifically tell Julius Caesar not to cross?
What is the last word in the Instrument of Armistice and Surrender of the Italian Forces which ended Italy's involvement in WWII?
In 1890, the Boston Store in Brockton, Mass. became the first department store to have someone dressed as Santa who would speak with children during the Christmas season. Who portrayed this first department store Santa?
For whom did Anna Molinari design the outfit "Risky Scheme"?
Who was the official Lawrence University mascot from 1941- 1952?
In 1924, what was the first drama broadcast over the radio in the US and from what college was it broadcast?
In the book Are You There God? It's Me Margaret, what is the name of the New Jersey town that Margaret's family moves to?
What is the Wisconsin state fossil?
How did "Big Joe" Turner start his blues singing career, and where did he begin singing?
In Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarves, what ingredient did the wicked stepmother add to the potion she drank to made her old?
On what date did the Battle of Glasgow, in which Gen. Sterling Price's Confederates captured the town of Glasgow, MO occur?
What was the name of the device used by Batman and Robin in their 1960's motion picture to separate the powdered remains of world leaders?
Everybody knows that Michelle Smith won Ireland's first ever Olympic swimming medal on the first evening of competition in Atlanta (and went on to win 3 more medals). Name the other two athletes who won the first gold medals ever in swimming for their countries that night.
According to the novel The Neverending Story by Michael Ende, what creatures (not including the mounts) meet in the Howling Forest in the beginning of the story?
What are the three books of the so-called Zahn Cycle?
Where and when was the HAL 9000 computer from 2001/ 2010 created?
According to Edward Gorey, what is "Y" for?
Trivia Master Dan is at a part of campus that could be called Action Q Memorial Sampson Kiewit. Find him there and follow the instructions he gives you.Off Campus
Where did famous bassist Milt Hinton first meet famous bassist Charles Mingus?
Sting, otherwise known as Gordon Sumner, has three siblings. What are their names?
On what day did "the music" die (i.e. Buddy Holly)?
At Notre Dame de Paris, what lies betwixt the Portal of the Virgin and the portal of Saint Anne?
What adjectival phrase is normally assigned to Achilles in The Iliad? We're looking for English here, by the by…not Greek.
At the end of "The Candy Man Can" song in Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, there's a sign behind the store owner. What candy is this sign advertising?
Who is the only US woman to win four gold medals at the same Olympics?
Who is known as the last survivor of the Yahi (spell) tribe of California?
What movie director, when asked about the success of his highest grossing film, replied "it just has to do with people liking dumb movies"?
What are the only existing remains of Arctic explorer Roald Amundson, and at what college are they preserved?
On the show Cartoon Planet, what is the name of the research Guy Zorak that the show was too predictable?
I am about to play a musical excerpt. Identify the composer by first name and last name and the name of the piece.
What does Claus von Bulow request at a store at the end of Reversal of Fortune that shocks the cashier?
Gerhard Domagk did not have the experiments of his dye Prontosil published until 1935, three years after it was patented. In what publication did it appear?
What was the license plate number of Janis Joplin's Porsche convertible?
I am about to play a musical excerpt from the start of a piece of classical music. Identify the piece and the first and last name of the composer.
What is the name of Captain Gonnes' ship in The Sword and the Chain by Joel Rosenberg?
Who plays the First Gravedigger in Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet?
NOTE: Must be asked during Conservatory HoursAction Q Stand in the Lawrence Chapel balcony facing the stage, and there will be a row of stained glass windows on your left. What's written in English in the gold circle in the window furthest from the stage? Write this down on a piece of paper and bring it to Trivia Master Carlie Kraft, who will be waiting on the steps of Lawrence's newest residence hall. Sing to her the last six words of the Lawrence Sesquicentennial Hymn, get her signature, and bring it back to the Line of Death.Shut Out
What is the first line said after Alfred Hitchcock's appearance in To Catch a Thief?
In 1983 the President of an African nation passed a law that made it illegal to make fun of his name. Name this person and the country he was president of.
Who owned the first house built in Chicago?
What line is repeated exactly 5 times in the Star Wars Trilogy?
What is the name of the publication that annually publishes a list of all insults used in various parliaments of the British Commonwealth, along with the name of the person who issued the insult and whether or not the insult was deemed out of order?
Who is given credit for the discovery of how the heart pumps blood through the arteries and veins of the body?
Name the 1995 Canadian National Ladies Figure Skating Champion who did not get past the qualifying round of that year's world championships.
In what town and state was Liberace born?
What painting is featured on the bottom of the pool in the end scene of The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
In Tales of a Fourth-Grade Nothing, what did Peter Hatcher name his dog?
At the beginning of the contest, Trivia Master Beth issued a Action Q challenge to Trivia Master Jeremy. That challenge has not fallen on deaf ears. Go to the Rec Center where Trivia Masters Beth and Jeremy will fence Epée. Find out the score and who won and bring it to the line of death.
What Paranoia supplement from West End Games features cover arts showing a guy coming out of stasis with a t-shirt saying "I'm late for a very important MM/DD/YY"?
Each major league baseball team selects one player from each infield position to put on the All-Star ballot. Who was the Boston Red Sox's selection for first base in 1990? That is, on the 1990 All-Star ballot, which Red Sox player appears at first base?
What is the name of Lisa Douglas' favorite chicken on Green Acres?
What is the name and type of the lifelike dinosaur outside of the Dakota Dinosaur Museum?
What is the name of the yarn made from bulking terylene?
What is the name of Conan's zany little Mongol-archer sidekick in Conan the Barbarian?
What book did Mark David Chapman have on him when he killed John Lennon?
What is the call sign of the leader of the Revolting Cocks Quake Clan? Also, what is his real name and what Major Quake conversion did he help create?
On Cartoon Planet's New Year's Eve marathon, what is Zorak'sShut Out "pet peeve"?
Who is the voice of the cat Rita on Steven Spielberg's Animaniacs?
On the TV show Night Court, Christine Sullivan was reminiscing: In the Miss Buffalo contest in 1978, Christine Sullivan was asked a question. What was that question?
Who sang the theme song, "Believe It Or Not" to The Greatest American Hero—a sitcom series from the '80's?
In the video "Money for Nothing," by Dire Straits, the On Campus beginnings of two videos are shown. What is the group name, Shut Out song name, album name, and record label of the 2nd video shown?
Who were the costume designers for Michael Jackson's Total Shut Out "Thriller" video/movie?
Who wrote the theme music to Night Court?Shut Out
In Michael Jackson's "Thriller" video/movie, what was Elmer Bernstein responsible for?
Dedicated to all female physics majors. What was the name of the Milwaukee-Downer College Physics Professor who worked on the Los Alamos Project?
In June of 1984, Rolling Stone said which band was "almost unquestioned as today's best-loved band"?
What's the item or person or event mentioned after South Pacific in Billy Joel's "We Didn't Start the Fire"?
What is the name of the village where the Iroquois religious leader Handsome Lake was born?
Who was the author of "Golden Slumbers," a 16th century poem which was the inspiration for the Beatles song of the same name?
Who was the first Minnesota two to bat in the World Series?
What did Lazlo Toth scream while he attacked Michelangelo's Pietá with a sledgehammer?
What is the name of the bar across from the courthouse in the smallest county seat in North Dakota?
On what date and where was the first lottery in England held?
What is the name of Captain Gannes' ship in The SleepingShut Out Dragon by Joel Rosenberg?
What are the ingredients of Sprechers Root Beer?
Who is credited with saying "Methods are many, principles are few. Methods often change, principles never do."
On the British Monopoly board, what two properties appear where Boardwalk and Park Place are on the American board?
Who is the only man ever to pinch-hit for both Ted Williams and Carl Yastrzemski (yah-stem-ski)?
The Great Healer on Necros was better known to the Doctor by which other name?
What does SCSI (pronounced skuzzy) stand for?
Name the actress who played Marilyn Munster on The Munsters after Beverly Owen left the series in December 1964 (this actress' mother was US Treasurer under President Eisenhower).
Lawrence University owns an 1815 Broadwood forte piano which was restored recently. Name the man who restored it and the institution with which he is affiliated.
Who was the last man to win the world figure skating championships who was not from the US, Canada, or named Viktor Petrenko and when did he win?
In 1974, 67 year old Virgil Cleves was arrested in Lima, Ohio for wandering around the public square in the nude. Cleves explained that he was too old to be streaking, and suggested what as an alternate term to be used when older people wander around naked?
What's the main ingredient in Celestial Seasonings' Raspberry Zinger herbal tea?
What write-in candidate for Eau Claire County Sheriff unseated Shut Out incumbent Richard Hewitt?
Everyone knows that urea is one of the chief ingredients in human urine, second to water. What is the only other mammal whose urine contains urea?
The motion picture Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan originally Shut Out had two other titles before the director settled on the final one. The second option was The Revenge of Khan but was later scrapped due to a similarity in the original title of the Return of the Jedi. What was the original title of Star Trek II?
What English kings pronounced these quotes: "I am the scourge Shut Out of God…" "Oh Lord God, shield mine eyes from thy holy city," "A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse."
According to an ad from In-Style magazine, what shampoo does Sting use?
As a person with a summer birthday, I tend to get screwed out Action Q of birthday decorations like other people always get at Lawrence University on their birthdays. Let's pretend today's my birthday. Make some cool birthday decorations for me, Ben, and bring them to the line of death for 10 trivial points.Off Campus
The cat in the hat, who came back, put the spot on Sally's dad's bed, but who did he think could help him get it out?
What is the geological name for Cape Cod?
A Japanese magazine once polled its female readers about a particular Japanese author. 50% of those who responded said they would rather kill themselves than be his mistress. Who was this author?
On what date Wauconda, Illinois incorporated?
When the cat in the hat came back, how did he clean the pink ring from the tub?
Jimmie Skaggs portrayed what Lawrence alumn in the CBS TV movie "The Marva Collins Story"?
Around 200 BC, Theophrastus mentions red dye used in rouging the cheeks. From what plant is this dye extracted?
In the book The Sleeping Dragon by Joel Rosenberg what was the name of the slaver that Karl Cullinane beat in the Pandothoway Games and then later killed outside the city?
In the movie the Mask, what is the name of the psychiatrist Stanley goes to see?
In the 1964 Christmas classic Santa Claus Conquers the Martians how did the Martians greet family and friends?
Who wrote the liner notes in the tour book for Sting's "Dream Shut Out of the Blue Turtles" tour?
Lawrence University's Seeley G. Mudd library contains only Shut Out one ashtray belonging to a pretender of a European throne. To whom did this ash tray belong?
On the show Cartoon Planet Brok sings about his Hawaiian Shut Out vacation. What is the name of the girl that puts flowers around his neck?
Name a player who played for an Appleton minor league On Campus Shut Out baseball team who won a league MVP award in the major league.
In the movie The Empire Strikes Back, the brief scene in the Dagobah swamp, in which a large aquatic-type critter breaks the misty surface, where was this scene filmed?
Who played Captain Pike in the 1965 TV pilot of Star Trek?
Who delivered the keynote address at the dedication ceremony for the Buchanan-Kiewit Recreation Center at Lawrence University?
Who was the first African-American woman to sing at the Metropolitan Opera?
Where was Fuma Kotaro, 5th generation head of Fuma ryu ninjutso, born?
What do The Three Musketeers, The Dead Zone, and Brazil have in common?
Wine has been called everything from the nectar of the gods to the milk of the educated. What is the name of the wine growing region that is named after a crossroads in the plain east of Los Angeles?
What kind of guns do the Montagues and Capulets use in the new film version of Romeo & Juliet?
Ilium once was consumed in flames by Zeus' wrath in a play written by Euripides in 410 BC. What is the common name for Ilium?
What were the last words of George V of England and why?On Campus Shut Out
During the Roman occupation of Great Britain, what Celt queen swept her tribe down into Londinium, killing almost 70,000 people?
Whose last words were allegedly "Thou liest, thou liest! My Shut Out portion lies with the Lord Jesus Christ"?
Lake Butte Des Mortes (bee-u de more) is so named because of a great battle that took place on one of the islands. After the siege and battle, the island (hill) was covered with the dead of one of the sides (hence the name). Who were the two major competing forces?
What was the name of the Chimpanzee mascot of Jonestown Shut Out who was shot at the time of Jonestown's infamous mass suicide?
Which 5 playing cards was William "Wild Bill" Hickok holding when he was shot and killed?
In the autumn of 1579, this Iga ryu ninja and firearms expert Shut Out organized a clandestine attempt at assassinating Oda Nobunaga. Who was he?
One president thought it would be a good idea to have singing canaries to entertain the crowds at his inauguration. Unfortunately, they were left in a place with inadequate heating and they all froze to death the night before. Who was this president?
On June 29, 1967 Jayne Mansfield, violinist, actress, mother was decapitated in a car accident when her Buick collided with a truck. Who drove that Buick?
Who was the last person hanged in Minnesota on February 3, 1906?
In the Lightning movie classic The Alchemist how does AmosOn Campus Shut Out Del Gatto eventually die?
What caused the death of Alice Cooper's pet boa constrictor in June of 1977?
In 1979, how did Wesley and Helen LaRoya die?
What elements in J.R.R. Tolkien's fictional Eldarin languages mean the following? Swan, hair, and abominable
What specific pieces of architecture, used in Ridley Scott's Blade Runner, was re-used in his 1986 film Legend? Also, where did the pillars appear in each film?
What are the nationalities of the following Shakespearean characters?1)Captain Jamy—Henry V2)Captain Fluellen—Henry V3)Douglas—Henry IV, Part I4)Prince Hal—Henry V5)Owen Glendower—Henry IV, Part I6)Antonio (bound to Shylock)7)Captain Gower
Who are the members of the Pentavirate that Stewart names in So I Married an Axe Murderer?
Please translate the following phrases:Off Campus1) Labor me vocat2) Die Nachtrgall iβt meine Auge3) No matar Ben4) Beth yw'ch enw chi?
"Humiliating Snow Angels" Action I think that you pukes aren't giving me enough respect. Come on down to the station and make a face down, bare-faced snow angel at my feet for ten points.Quickie
Match the characters to the Shakespearean plays they appeared in:1)Don John2)Lysander3)MacDuff4)Orleans5)Thomas Rotherham
Who is this writer talking about when he says: "(he) is not just one of Britain's foremost comedy actors…[but] he also talks a lot. Yap, yap, yap he goes, all day long and through the night. He must be the worst man in the world to take on a commando raid. You might as well take a large radiogram with the volume turned up. On and on, hour after hour, tiring the sun with talking and sending him down the sky"?
Their names and titles aside, what do Apollonia of Alexandria, Agnes of Rome, Margaret of Antioch, Lucia of Syracuse, and Juliana Nicodemia have in common?
"The Man From Fort Atkinson"Action Yes, that's right kiddies. Bring down any non-Zippo lighter within the next ten minutes. Bet between 1 & 20 points. If you light your ten times in a row, you win that many points. If not, you LOSE that many points. Off Campus
Name the current Devil's advocate in charge of challenging the Shut Out petitioning of a person for beatification. Also, tell when and where he was ordained as a priest.
What fictional character uttered these words: "When all the world dissolves, and every creature shall be purified, all places shall be hell that are not heaven"?
Please name the plays each of these characters appear in, and On Campus Shut Out then identify the one thing in common between them (note: it has nothing to do with letters).1)Iago2)Willy Loman3)The Russian (aka Anatoly)4)Lady Peray
What is the name of the group chosen by the Vatican to Total Shut Out examine medical cases of saints?
Their titles, genders, and means of canonization aside, what do Lawrence of Rome, Julian the Hospitaller, Hyacinth of Cracow, Herman Joseph of Steinfeld, Fremund the Hermit, and Fermin of Amiens have in common?
What are three popular musical artists who began in ManitobaShut Out
Manitoba gets its name from sounds that were thought to be the voice of who?
What is the highest point in Manitoba?
On May 13, a committee announced that the entire city of Thrown Out Winnipeg had what?
For what did William O'Donaghue petition President Grant?
Which rivers in Manitoba eventually drain into the Gulf of Mexico?
Who was the first and only president of the Red River Settlements, which eventually became Manitoba?
What are the names of the two largest lakes which cross Manitoba's borders?
What lasted in Manitoba from 1890-1980?
What are the names of the islands in Lake Winnipeg?Manitoba
When is Daylight Savings Time in effect in Manitoba?
Where at Lawrence was the "Romper Room"?
In the movie Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, Wonka says to Mrs. Gloops "my dear lady, that is absurd, unthinkable!" Mrs. Gloop responds, "Why?" Wonka then says…?
What was the real name of Count Paul D'Esterhazy who in Manitoba 1885 promised to bring 400,000 Hungarian farmers to Manitoba?
What is the registration number of the plane that Flash Gordon crashes into Dr. Hans Zarkov's lab? This question refers to the movie Flash Gordon.
What type of fabric and how many yards of each comprised Princess Grace of Monaco's wedding outfit?
From where did Grace Kelly get her flower girls' shoes?
At his second inauguration Bill Clinton said that what was once the "The Mystical Providence of Physicists"?
In what sport did Israel earn its first Olympic medal?
What lake has more shoreline than any other in Minnesota?
Who was the unit manager for the movie Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Name the only play written by a Pope to ever have been performed onstage in London.
Who holds the record for the most number of characters played in a single movie and what movie is this record in?
Who wrote the Libretto for "Don Giovanni"?
Everybody loves the British comedy series Are You Being Served? During its lengthy run, Mr. Humphries is referred to by his first name and his middle name. What are the two names by which Mr. Humphries is called? You must give BOTH.
Which Lawrence student (give us a name) played with the most ensembles during the Lawrence Sesquicentennial Gala?
On what street was Hoffman Elementary School in Hoffman Estates, IL located?
Who created Night Court the television show?
In the Blues Brothers movie, what's the name of the hair salon where Carrie Fisher's character sits plotting the death of Jake Blues?
What's Big Bird's teddy bear's name?
What type of table is in the Worth home in John Updike's S?
What is Klinger's bra size on M*A*S*H (adjusted)?
Only one member of Congress voted against US entry into both World Wars. Name this member of Congress.
What was Harry S. Truman's middle name?
In what city did Democritus spend his last remaining years?
Who developed the idea which led to the division of the United States into Eastern, Central, Mountain, and Pacific times zones?
St. Patrick was almost chosen to serve as the first Bishop of Ireland. However, his superiors felt the position should be filled by someone with more tact and learning. Which saint was chosen over St. Patrick?
In 1958, England's Prince Philip sponsored a competitive team called "the Goons." In what sport did this team compete?
On April 19th, 1979, Ray Bolt of Birmingham, England appeared on BBC television and performed an unusual action. What programme did he appear on and what did he do?
What was the address of the Senior High School in Whitewater, WI before the new one was built in 1995?
What is the best-known work of the author of The English Mail Coach?
Who was the last player to hit a grand slam out of old Comisky?
At a Chinese funeral service, guests often bring a yellow envelope with a blue stripe. What do they put into the envelope as a gift?
What poet called the naked body of his lover "O my America! My new-found land!"
Tim Curry played Dr. Frank N. Furter on the London stage. When he left to make the movie, who took over his role?
At what specific time did Waring Hudsucker jump to his death in the movie "The Hudsucker Proxy"?
Who signed in for an appointment with the President at 7:30 pm on July 16, 1962?
In "Under African Skies" Paul Simon sings "Joseph's face was as black as night." Who is he singing about? (Track 7, play song—Eli has it)
In The Phantom Tollbooth, what kind of animal is Tock?
What is in "Lot 49" in Pynchon's The Crying of Lot 49?
On They Might Be Giants' second appearance on Conon O'Brien, what is hanging in the background as the band plays?
In the movie "The Bodyguard," what movie won the Oscar for best sound?
What Disney movie features the vocal talents of Billy Joel, Bette Midler, and Huey Lewis?
Who are the Fallopian tubes named for?
What was Dick Hickock's occupation as listed in his police file in Truman Capote's book In Cold Blood?
In E.L. Konigsburg's Newbery winner, The View From Saturday, the souls consist of four kids: a Jew, a half-Jew, an East Indian, and a Protestant. What's the name of the half-Jew?
Trivia Master Beth is somewhere on campus. Find her. Obtain the signature of her alter-ego and bring it to the line of death.
According to the US Dept. of Health's 1970 Mental Health Bulletin, if you wanted to check into Stoughton, WI's Martin Luther Home, what, besides age limitations, would have disqualified you from eligibility?
What mayor of Indianapolis was quoted as saying, "There are few governors in this country who do anything. They mostly smile a lot."?
On what date did trombonist Christian Christian begin his appointment at the Viennese Imperial Court?
Prior to "Grasscutter," what is the Japanese weapon that the demon Jei wielded in Usagi Yajimbo?
According to Jazz Reedman Barney Brigard, who was the biggest prankster in Duke Ellington's Big Band?
What TV show is the Pope watching in the movie "Hudson Hawk"?
At one point, Mr. Bean gets to conduct a Salvation Army Band. What song does he conduct?
Robin Wood speaks of whom: His is a cinema built on tensions and paradoxes. A gentle, sensitive, civilized man, he has made films notorious for their violence?
In 1998, artist Barton Benes crafted a ring from something special. What?
In the They Might Be Giants video for "The Statue Got Me High," what is the first object seen?
What is the oldest standing Lawrence University track and field record? Give the event, the year it was set, and the name of the person who set it.
Which Israeli soldiers wear red berets as part of their uniform?
Who does Dalamar kill with a lightening bolt in the Dragonlance novels?
What is Patrick Bateman's favorite band in the novel American Psycho?
What is Patton's first line in the film of the same name?
Grand Master Mike P. & former Grand Master Ben Krall are looking for a few things. Bring them to the station by 6 am. You will get five points for each. 8. an unused ticket from a sporting event in 1998. /9. A complete Bible in any language. /10. A piece of Fiesta Ware.
What inspirational running movie starring Billy Crudup, Donald Sutherland, and Monica Potter aired on east and southbound domestic American Airlines flights from December 28th through the 31st?
In the episode of "Star Trek: The Next Generation" called "Starship Mine," why does Captain Picard go back to the Enterprise?
Who was the original team captain of the Mighty Ducks?
What is the name of the correspondence school from which "M*A*S*H" character Radar O'Reilly graduated?
In the "Muppet Family Christmas" who bunks with Oscar the Grouch in his garbage can?
In the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons' Forgotten Realms campaign setting what is the special spell that only clergy of Gwaeron Windstrom have access to?
What is the instrumentation of Bach's Fourth Brandenburg Concerto?
In Josh Von de Hey's Drama Derangia, what snack food falls out of the air and lands on the car seat next to Alfred Vanderbeeren?
Other than the stupidly obvious, what do these films have in common: Jean-Luc Godard's "A Woman is a Woman," Orson Welles' "The Immortal Story," Alfred Hitchcock's "Rope," Jean Renoir's "The River Ingmar," Bergman's "Now, About All These Women," and John Ford's "Drums Along the Mohawk"?
What two people are credited with inventing the parking meter?
What was the lowest rated prime-time series of the 1979-1980 TV season?
What was Tsarina Aleksandra's favorite color?
Connect the quote to the poet: "I am a watercolor, I wash off" and name the poem.
What is the address of Jenny and Oliver Barrett's New York apartment in the novel Love Story?
Mamie Eisenhower once sent her chauffer to borrow something from the Smithsonian. What was it?
What are the names of the two princesses in The Phantom Tollbooth?
What is the only common place modern English word to come from Ireland?
Who was the only character killed off in the Batman TV series with Adam West?
What high school did "It's A Wonderful Life's" George Bailey attend?
Who did Pamela Hensley play in "The Nude Bomb"?
Who is responsible for the foundation of the first American hospital?
What actor did Anne Billson, in 1991, refer to as "a cinematic black hole as far from charm and screen charisma are concerned"?
Who was "the Sporting News" Baseball Player of the year for the American League in 1951?
Who is the 4th Floor boss in the old Nintendo game "Kung Fu"?
What is the name of the island that was home to most of the 19th and 20th century writers in the Irish language?
What is the post script to Jean-Luc Godard's "First Name: Carmen"?
What Pasha did Artemis Entreri originally work for in the Forgotten Realms city of Calimport?
What famous publisher was quoted: "The major difference between a conservative Ayn Rand or conservative Republican individualism and the kind of individualism I believe in is simple: I think people are important, and they think property is important."?
What are the names of the men who finished 12th and 14th in the open race at the 1998 Foot Locker Cross Country meet?
Who is the great 19th century French chef who wrote several important French cookbooks?
What is the name of the host of "You Don't Know Jack 3"?
What is the nickname of Beethoven's Piano Sonata no. 21?
In a Rider-Waite Tarot Deck, what 3 concurrent cards have as their astrological association; Scorpio, Sagittarius, and Capricorn?
What was Jeannie's dog's name on "I Dream of Jeannie"?
Name the 6 original Go-bots
Freud said, "sometimes a cigar is just a cigar." Who first said, "sometimes a penis is just a penis?"
Provide the balanced chemical equation for the combustion of methane, the primary reaction when one lights a fart.
In the Schrödinger's Cat trilogy by Robert Anton Wilson, a penis, removed from a man-turned- woman, goes on to have an important part in the book. What is the penis's name?
According to the first Doo Dooist Manifesto, what did Woodstock beget?
In February of 1998 the freighter Oceanus crashed into the coral reef off the Pacific Island Satawal. Why did the ship’s captain stray from the normal shipping channel, causing the accident?
In November of 1998, Chinese army doctors announced that they had constructed a replacement penis for a 6-year-old boy who lost his in an accident. What was the replacement made of?
What is the motto of the Screamin’ Sphincter Fiery Foods Corporation?
Butt Contest
What group did Chevy Chase used to play drums for?
What do these three pieces of music have in common?The Gigue from J.S. Bach’s 3rd Suite for unaccompanied violoncello John Lennon’s “Imagine”The theme song to “the Smurfs”
In Feb. 1556 in Kilmington County, Somerset, John Hartgill, son of William Hartgill, while being attacked by Lord Stourton and his men, procured several weapons from his father’s home with which to drive off the attackers. Other than his sword what were the three weapons that John Hartgill recovered?
Who published most of Monty Python’s music?
In the cartoon series, Dragonball Z, what planet is Piccolo from?
The sage symbol for Libra is also the alchemic symbol for what process?
In the sport of fencing there is a move in which the fencer lunges forward while dropping his off-hand to the ground, in an attempt to duck under the opponents blade. What is the proper name for this move?
Eric Clapton says seven words on Frank Zappa’s album, “We’re Only In It For the Money.” What are they?
What gift was King Victor Emmanuel II known to give his favorite mistresses each year?
In the movie “Animal House,” Eric Straton is perpetually whistling something. What is it?
Who said, “and at the end I see: the great harmony is death. To effect it, we must die. In life it has no place?”
Who were the number 3 hitters for each team in game one of the 1925 World Series?
What does Ken use to get revenge on Otto in "A Fish Called Wanda"?
They were a nice couple. They played beautiful music together. Then they broke up. She wrote the song "Silver Springs," and in response, he wrote "Go Your Own Way." Who are they?
What show has Sarah Bellum, Peat Moss, Guy Wire, and Nattaly Dressed as some of its writers? (don't give spellings)
The 1990's film "Dick Tracy" was shot on 35mm film, but was projected at a 1:33:1 ratio. Why?
In 1998 what did Herb Neurauter do to gain his 15 minutes of fame?
Sound Clip: Movie, Composer TK 8 2:27-end (3:40)
I will play a movie quote. Give me the movie. The quote will be backwards.
What Democratic Senator was quoted, "There is a proper time to aspire, a time to achieve, and a time to retire"?
In Durrenmatt's Der Besuch Der Alten Dame, Claire Zachanassian has a couple of henchmen who are eunuchs. What are her names for the two of them? (spell bolded terms)
Sound Clip: Movie and Composer TK 9 00:34-1:38
What film is the following quote referring to; "Movie-goers deserve more than the racism, sexism, and all-purpose mayhem on view here. The message is plain: white people are good, yellow people are shifty, brown people are weak or sinister"?
What is the name of the woman who is featured in the "Computer Components" ad which is shown before every Marcus Cinemas movie in Madison, WI?
Where does the term "fed up" come from?
Sound Clip: Movie and Composer TK 1 1st 42 sec or so
Go to the portrait on campus of the namesake of the Lawrence-owned building that was once known as Meridian House. Meet Trivia Master Seamus there, bringing with you a can or coke and an original limerick that incorporates the name of the conductor of the Lawrence Wind Ensemble. You've got 70 minutes.Off Campus
Here's another backwards movie quote
What soap opera was originally set in the town of Barrowsville?
On "Mystery Science Theater 3000," what is the order of the robot roll call?
What does Guy Noir usually have in his martini when he's at the 5 spot?
In the computer game Age of Empires, what do you need to create Centurions?
In Spain, this word would translate as "seashell." In Argentina, it is an obscene term for the female sexual organ. What is it?
After arriving on Earth, who was the first autobot to fire at Megatron?
What was Matt Damon's first line spoken on screen?
What's the name of the rabbit from Cowslip Warren who first approached Hazel in the book Watership Down?
Who uttered the statement, "what doesn't kill me makes me funnier"?
Who said, "when the gods go slumming, they visit the Earth"?
What is the adult film name of the porn star who has been featured in both "The X-Files" and "Millennium"?
Once I finish telling you what to do, teams will have ten minutes to complete this action question. The task is as follows: Julie Kostuch is somewhere on campus. Find her and serenade her. You will get five points for finding her, and she will rate your performance on a scale from 1-5 for any bonus points for a total of up to ten.
According to John Linnell, how are First Ladies like your children?
In the Paranoia role playing game, who is the chief of Trouble Shooter Headquarters in the DOA sector?
In the film, "The Big Libowski," what is Bunnie Libowski's real name?
What country singer's mother wrote the song "Heartbreak Hotel"?
In the video game the Legend of Zelda, The Ocarina of Time a woman has lost her dog. What is the name of the dog in the English version?
Grandmaster Mike P. is in Wriston Auditorium. Send one or two of your resident movie buffs. Bring pens and popcorn.
What is Sailor Moon's real name?
Who was the last NFL player to both throw an interception and make an interception in the same game?
When then Vice President Spiro Agnew visited Lawrence campus, where did the Secret Service place its snipers to protect him?
In the current off-Broadway play "Sideman," who is cast as the narrator?
What movie were shots of a plane flying over the Himalayas stolen from to use in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"?
What is the name of the pilot of green lion on Voltron?
What is the Japanese name for the faceplates that Samurai wear on their helmets?
In the movie "Flirting with Disaster," what does Ben Stiller's character name his son?
What sorority did Julia Louis-Dreyfus join in college, and what college or university did she attend?
In the smash computer hit "Fallout," what is the name of the gang of dudes north of central Adytum?
What hotel did the Bosom Buddies live in?
"Damn it!" "What?!" "We keep losing Trivia Masters!" "What do you mean?" Trivia Master Brent just ran out of the station babbling something about an important meeting with Tim Barrows, Henry Wriston, and Nathan Pusey to secure their salvation and thus bring about his final miracle. Find Trivia Master Brent and bring his signature to the station as proof.
Who is the enormous woman the Man in Black slept with in "The Gunslinger"?
What is the title of the only tango to be featured in an episode of "The Flintstones"?
Who wrote, "Old Furniture and the Modern Background" in 1936?
When They Might Be Giants performed "Why Does the Sun Shine" on Conan O'Brien, what instruments were used?
What was Ché Guevara's first name?
What movie contains the line, "you'll get much further with the Lord if you learn not to offend his ears"?
What "does just that" in Llamatron?
What book has the first line: "There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it"?
What is the one word spoken in Frank Zappa's "The Chrome-Plated Megaphone of Destiny"?
Trivia Master and Emperor of Lawrence University Joshua Sawyer has come to doubt the loyalty of his followers. Find him and his standard on campus. Swear fealty to the Great Midwest Commonwealth, become knighted, and bring proof of your knighthood to the station.Off Campus
In "Carnival of Souls," what is the main character's profession?
What street does Tom Hanks' character live on in "The Burbs"?
What is the slogan imprinted on the front of the statue in the lobby of the Ministry of Information?
In the original script for "Monty Python and the Holy Grail," God was going to assist in the final attempt to recover the Grail. What was His job in the heist?
In the Adventures of Baron Munchausen, what is the name of the opera the grand Turk performs for the Baron?
What movie does Jack Lucas recommend to the Thrown Out woman who "has to laugh" in the movie "The Fisher King"?
What TV show are the mom and dad watching as we first see them in "Time Bandits"?
The Bible was the first book published in America. What was the second?
In 1981, who did the British political party, The Raving Looney Society of Cambridge, nominate for a seat in Parliament?
Trivia Master Carlie's finance Captain Cracker, is pretty unhappy. Last Saturday was his birthday, and she forgot to get him a card. He's also got a really bad cold. Make him happy. Make him a birthday card, and bring it to Carlie along with something to make him feel better. You'll find her in the section of the library containing books whose call numbers start with PZ (15 pts, 30 min.)
(Eli should read this one) In one of my favorite scenes in any Muppet thing ever is at the of the "Muppet Family Christmas," when Jim Henson appears. After he sees that everyone in having a good time he goes into the kitchen to do dishes. Who accompanies him to do the drying?
In Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker series, what is Judiciary Pag's private name?
In the short story "In the Garden" by Harlan Ellison, what are the names of the only two characters?
Which Russian czar was born on the feast day of St. Job?
Who said, "I'd rather flunk my Wasserman test than read a poem by Edgar Lee Guest"?
What piece of music will debut on Saturday, April 17, 1999? Also, who composed it?
Where did Charlton Hesston's character in "Planet of the Apes" learn to read?
Who developed the 1988 PBS video series entitled "The Mind"?
In the summer of 1994, the Iolani High School Performing Arts Department went on their semi- annual trip. What countries did they visit?
What is the name of the disease which attacks the cabbage and cauliflower family and causes swelling of the roots?
On the 8th night of William Wegman's Fay's 12 Days of Christmas, Crooky dreams that Batty turns into what?
What's the name of the Handicapper General in Kurt Vonnegut's "Harrison Bergeron"?
What does W.A.S.T.E. stand for in Thomas Pynchon's "The Crying of Lot 49"?
When was the first known performance of The Gnome by Pink Floyd?
For five days, German director Fritz Lang convinced a young woman that they were married. Lang had a friend pose as a preacher to accomplish this. What was this woman's name?
What's the name of the band that "plays" at the party in the movie "Can't Hardly Wait"?
In "The Crow" graphic novel, who is the last named character we see die?
Who wrote the marimba solo "Pink Elisa Spring"?
What is Geoffrey's pet name for Katherine in the movie "The English Patient"?
In "Preacher" the comic book, what did Jesse's father have engraved on his lighter?
Trivia Master Curtis would like you to bring Harper Hall programs that contains performances by current trivia masters. Each trivia master mentioned is three points, but each trivia master counts only once. Bring them to the line of death in half an hour.
When the drug tacrolimus was in testing before FDA approval, what was it known as?
In the early fifties, Charlie Chaplin said, "This is the greatest movie ever made about America." What film was he referring to?
At the recent LU Jazz Ensemble concert, which featured the works of Duke Ellington, which two songs did trivia masters Jeremy and Matt solo on?
In the hit TV series "Millennium," what character has the computer password "Open the Pod Doors, Hal"?
What did Sabbat priest Stephan Kostas use to torture information out of a Gangrel Archon?
What was author José Montoya's job in the Navy while he was in Korea?
What was the first presidential airplane?
Who made the first successful attempt to record sound directly on a film strip, side-by-side with the images?
Who plays Mike Nelson on “MST3K,” and where did this actor attend college?
What was Oscar the Grouch’s first line in the first episode of “Sesame Street”?
What were the names of the two main characters in the TV series, “CHiPs”?
On the 7th day in William Wegman’s Fay’s 12 Days of Christmas, Fay makes pudding. What does she put in this pudding?
Name the episode of “Pinky and the Brain” where Brain impersonates “an average non- descript motorist” named Mr. Perkins.
Who played Barnaby in Disney’s “Babes in Toyland,” Starring Annette Funicello?
What high school did Luke Perry go to?
Where in Buchman’s Sporting Goods (on “Mad About You”) are all of the weapons found?
What fell from the sky in Devizes, England on July 3, 1977?
In the 1996 Presidential election, what three minor candidates ran on a socialist platform?
What are the names of the three animals that pull Hanukkah Harry’s cart?
When Eros shot Apollo in the heart with a golden arrow, whom did Apollo fall in love with? Also, what emblem does Apollo have that symbolizes this love?
In the original script to “Monty Python and the Holy Grail,” God comes to rescue the knights in a VW van. Why does he stall the engine?
In “Carnival of Souls,” Mrs. Thomas states that “these old houses creak worse than”…what?
Who wrote the television series, “Blacks, Blues, Blacks”?
What was first shown in color on April 18, 1966?
Who are the two most well known members of The Fraternal Order of the Bass?
What movie is Paul Beckly speaking of here: “an unanswered question is scarcely enough to support a feature length picture.”?
What did Norman Greenbaum become after a marginally successful attempt at rock and roll?
Who appeared on the Conan O’Brien Show the same night They Might Be Giants made their debut?
Who was the first Disney movie star to win an Oscar for his/her role in a Disney movie?
In the Call of Cthulhu role-playing game, who does Adolph Lepus, Sadistic/Psychopathic Hardcore Badass, work for?
Who spoke the quote, “I’ll scratch your back and you knife mine?”
Who is Mel Brooks’ favorite film actor?
What are all of the different elements evoked by The Mystic Knights of Tir Na Nog?
What is the hardest known substance in the Star Wars galaxy?
What movie did a Time critic warn against with, “His big mystery lies in his strange appeal for adolescents…Fair warning: this movie could include terminal boredom in adults and rot the minds of the young.”?
In 1582 in the village of St. Osyth in County Essex, a woman named Ursley Kemp was accused of having four “familiars” (demonic animal spirits) under her control. Give two of the animal species and names (example, a cow named Bucky).
What are the boomerang-bearing underworld enemies known as in “The Legend of Zelda”?
What current Lawrence faculty member was once a Trivia Master?
Which saint died from being rolled over hot coals only after she had been tortured, stretched on the rack, had her sides torn with iron hooks, was burned with blazing torches, and had her breasts crushed and cut off?
On Jan. 28, 1578, 65 year old Elizabeth Stile, at Windsor, in Berkshire, was examined for witchcraft practice and several murders including a farmer, two butchers, and a former mayor of Windsor. What was the name of the man who examined her?
In what cemetery is Anton Chekov buried?
In the movie “Big Trouble in Little China,” when Thunder sees that Lo Pan has been killed, how does he react?
What Edgar Allen Poe story features the murder of a man by being walled up alive?
Who was the last woman to be hanged in Britain, and in what year?
Which saint asked God to save her from marrying anyone, and had her eyes her head and dribble down her cheeks?
On Feb. 15, 1550, Thomas Arden was murdered in Favershom County, Kent. While his wife tried unsuccessfully to poison him, what was actually the causes of his death? There are three that contributed to his demise.
What is the subtle difference between assault and battery? (is this too easy?)
In “Fistful of Yen,” Mr. Pennington is trying to convince Loo to take the mission to stop an evil martial arts army. What does Pennington offer Mr. Loo that finally convinces him to go?
In June of 1582 a woman named Mrs. Beast and her servant Christopher Tomson were convicted of murdering Thomas Beast. At his execution, Tomson asked a special favor of the gaoler. What did he ask the gaoler?
How did the mother of Giroliomo Fracestrovo, the man credited with coining the term “syphilis” die?
What video game features snappy catch phrases like, “Only my weapons understand me,” “Don’t be a sissy!,” and “I regret nothing!”? Also, what companies credited and distributed the game?
According to his own words, what sitcom character says his last name means “the cattle are dying” in the old country?
In AD&D’s Forgotten Realms, what is the name of the one graveyard in Phlan?
In “Zinc Oxide and You,” what product made with Zinc Oxide is taken away, that results in the death of a boy?
Jagermeister, a popular alcoholic beverage, features as its logo a stag with a cross between its antlers. From what saint’s vita did this legend come?
What hermit and goldsmith adorned the Lindisfarne Gospels with gold, sliver, and gems on the binding?
At a convent in Germany, a painting of St. Michael was reported to have sung with the nuns when their numbers dwindled. Where was this convent?
Who cursed some boys outside of Bethel, causing she-bears to maul forty-two of the boys?
In an apocryphal story about Christ, he creates a bunch of clay animals with other children. What is special about Christ's clay animals?
A deutero-Pauline letter in the New Testament says that Christ is actually a priest of an ancient Jewish order. Who is this author referring to? (It's not Moses or Abraham).
What does the angel Naaririel guard?
For what newspaper does Amy work in the movie "The Hudsucker Proxy"?
What was the name of the barbershop chorus that won the 1998 International Chorus Championship in Atlanta, Georgia?
In the town of Cothridge a woman named Mrs. Beast had an affair with her servant Christopher Tomson. Mrs. Beast ordered Tomson to depart after the neighbors began about her what?
How did the original performer of John Cage's 4'33'' indicate to the audience that the performance had begun?
What are the three "sections" to David Lynch's movie "Hotel Room"?
Who was the losing pitcher in the final game of the 1906 World Series?
In the Bloodwars card game what is the name of the "promo one" card?
On what did poet William Carlos Williams write many of his shorter poems?
In the movie "Canadian Bacon," what is the name of the prime minister and who plays him?
What player is featured in January of the 1998-99 Chicago White Sox calendar?
What was the name of ALF's god?
What was the name of the ship in "The Muppet Treasure Island"?
In the director's cut of Ridley Scott's one director's cut) "Bladerunner," some new footage was added to Deckard's dream sequence at his apartment. What movie did this footage come from?
In "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency," what was Dirk's full name before he changed it?
In the hit computer game Zork, what is likely to eat you if you walk around in the dark?
what is a grand scam in bridge?
What was the name of the TV show that made Julia Child a national celebrity?
Who was the first Eagle Scout of Boy Scout Troop 147?
What hotel do Daphne and Josephine stay at in "Some Like It Hot"?
Director William Wyler got his start by directing B-Westerns and shorts for his uncle. Name him.
Send someone musically inclined to find Trivia Masters Eli and Curtis next to a picture of Ernst C. Moore. Possible: 20 pts.
In Mark Twain's Extracts from Adam's Diary, what does the first sign say that Eve puts up in the Garden of Eden?
In "Erik the Viking," who causes Hybrasil to fall beneath the waves?
What is the name and location of the school set up by Anne Waldman, Diane DiPrima, and Allen Ginsberg?
In the "fate deck" of Marvel Superheroes Adventure Game there are two heroes who share the same secret identity. What is the name of this secret identity?
January 2nd, 1971 was important in the advertising industry. Why?
What was the original title of the Beatles song "Sexy Sadie"?
Who drew the nude Rose from "Titanic," and where is it stored?
In the hit computer game Bard's Tale II, what are the passwords to enter the Destiny Stone?
What actor was quoted, "I really believe that the primary responsibility of the entertainer is to entertain. Nobody is asking you to win the Nobel Prize or split the atom"?
In the cartoon show "Doug," who is Doug's fowl-inspired hero?
What is Mike's last name in the movie "Swingers"?
Trivia Master Eli is stuck down by the tennis courts. He is supposed to get our food. Send as many members.Off Campus
What is the famous Mr. Guffman's first name in the movie "Waiting for Guffman"?
On "Law and Order" what is the nationality of Detective Curtis' mother?
What do They Might Be Giants blow up in their video for "Don't Let Start"?
Who was quoted as saying, "good is getting better, but evil is getting worse"?
On Saturday Night Live, what was the name of the zany show created by Mike Myers' Japanese alter ego?
What role does Sophia Crawford play on "Buffy: The Vampire Slayer," the TV series?
In the movie "The Hudsucker Proxy" the character Amy Archer won a Pulitzer Prize for a series she did, and was fond of bragging about it. What was this series about?
What invisible knight terrorized the Knights of The Round Table until he was killed?
In Legend, what three things hurt, and finally killed, Darkness (arrows are not part of this answer).
What's located at 3821 County Highway E in Egg Harbor, WI?
Where was Lawrence University Professor Robert Levy a guest-in-residence in 1992?
Who was the only British Prime Minister to be assassinated, and where?
Trivia Masters Matt, Mike, and Curtis have to play in a Wind Ensemble concert at 3:00 pm in the Chapel. Please show your support by making a large banner with your team's name and the name's of the musical Masters, go to the concert, hang it from the balcony and make sure it's visible from the stage.
In the Nintendo video game Crystalis, what are the four different swords that combine to from the Crystalis sword?
What two awards did Julia Child receive for the show "The French Chef," and in what years?
Eleanor Audley supplied the voice for which two Disney characters?
What actor was quoted, "time is the enemy in this business. I'm 51 now. I should have taken on challenging parts a long time ago, but I was too busy being Charlie Moviestar"?
What was Jennie's stage name at the strip club in "Forrest Gump"?
On October 26, 1964, Horace Silver made a historic recording of his tune "Song For My Father," which, whether you realize it or not, you've probably heard. Who plays the trumpet on this outstanding recording?
Who invented the flat bottomed paper bag?
Who was slated to star in Fellini's never made film "Don Quixote"?
What animal became extinct on December 12, 1872?
With what movie did Marilyn Monroe begin her movie career?
What does Ralphie call his gun in his Cowboy Fantasy in the movie "A Christmas Story"?
Movie clips from which 1957 movie appear in "Sleepless in Seattle"?
What were the names of the last pair of Carolina Parakeets?
What was the original title of John Steinbeck's novel, Of Mice and Men?
Trivia Master Seamus lied. Here's the Wind Ensemble question: since he'd rather be playing Trivia, make him feel better by bringing and displaying prominently a stadium-style sign encouraging the masters playing (30 pts).
What is the name of the beanie baby born on the same day as two of the Trivia Masters?
According to Victor Hugo who was the "son of Bajazet"?
When someone dies in Korea, the women wail a single word over and over. What word do they wail?
In the Baby-Sitters Club series, what are the names of the eight Pike kids, in order from oldest to youngest?
What 3 directors were originally supposed to each direct a segment of 1969's "Spirits of the Dead"?
Who won the silver medal in composition at the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles?
In the film "Network," "The Howard Beal Show" achieved a 42 share. At this point it was the fourth highest show in the Neilsen ratings. What three shows beat it?
What's the name of the evil rime traveler in the mini-novel "The Incredible Hulk: Lost In Time"?
In "The Care Bears Movie," what does baby Tugs tell baby Hugs the Rainbow Rescue Machine is capable of making?
What high school did Billy Madison go to?
The June 1994 Edition of American Way magazine featured an article about the 19th Annual Midwest Trivia Contest—who wrote the article?
What was the first film produced by Film d'Art?
In the movie "Canadian Bacon," the director gets to say one line. What is it?
Who said: "Correct thinkers think that 'baseball trivia' is an oxymoron: nothing about baseball is trivial"?
During the 17th Annual Midwest Trivia Contest, what event involving Pope Pontius Page ¼ took place?
In the book Cat's Cradle, what did Bo Konon call "the Seventh Book"?
At what battle did Usagi Uojimbo's lord perish?
Name the top-selling silver pattern in the country and the company that makes it.
The Trivia Masters are feeling unappreciated and unloved. To appease them, bring up to three cult statues of individual trivia masters to the radio station. Each cult statue is worth 3 pts. If you perform a ritual to the gods, you get another three points. If you come in costume appropriate to your ritual you get another three points. We want this to be good. You have forty-five minutes.
In the episode "Robin's Reckoning," from Batman the Animated Series, what is the real name of the con artist who killed Dick Grayson's family?
What film’s first four words are “This is Wall Street”?
Name the 6 Predacons fromk the series, Transformers: Beast Wars.
David Lieberman took part in an intensive writing workshop with author Natalie Goldberg. His first piece for the class consisted of one word, repeated wholly or in part, over and over again for several pages. What was the word?
In Russell Bank’s novel Rule of the Bone, what American composer does the Bone think is a Rastafarian?
In Richard Adams’ book Watership Down, what is the name of the rabbit who shares the king’s lettuce?
What’s the name of the breakfast food marketed by Truth and Soul in the movie “Putney Swope”?
Name the four mummies in the cartoon series, “Mummies Alive.”
What was Perry Smith addicted to in Truman Capote’s book, In Cold Blood?
Sweeney Todd and the Song of Roland share a common character name. What is it?
What are the names of the pilots of Tranzor “Z” and Aphrodite “A”?
What is the name of the cigar store Indian on the “Cheers” set?
In William Wegman’s Fay’s 12 Days of Christmas, the Fay family makes cookies on the 6th. Whose recipe do they use?
In the comic book Knights of the Dinner Table, what was the name of B.A.’s failed original roleplaying game?
In the movie “Breakfast At Tiffany’s” who are Holly Golightly’s top three people she would like to marry?
In what ways is Illinois superior to Wisconsin (Josh takes full responsibility)?
What is the name of Alice’s husband in the song, “Alice’s Restaurant”?
What animal is featured in the logo for the American Body Armor corporation?
Who led and where was the largest Macarena dance on record?
Where is Fozzie’s mom off to when all the Muppets show up at her farm for the holidays?
What is the name of the Alfred Jarry play which absurdly satirizes, among other things, Hamlet, Julius Caesar, and Macbeth?
Trivia Masters Josh Sawyer and Jeremy Kriedeman are beginning to fell a lull in the activities of the on-campus teams. They’re starting to think you need a little…SURGE to get you through the rest of the show. All teams that can, bring as many players AND pieces of furniture you can to the top of Union Hill.Off Campus
What actor was quoted “It’s been my experience that a movie producer gets more money than anyone else for what is essentially a $6.50 an hour job”?
On March 1st, 1990, what happened to Steve Jackson Games?
Japanese director Yasujiro Ozu briefly attended which university?
Who was the highest paid woman in the US in 1935?
What did the banditos give El Guapo for a present in “The Three Amigos”?
The Ya-Ya Sisterhood consists of four women, Teensy, Caro, Necie, and Vivi. What are their full first names?
Who, officially, was the first American to beat the video game Mike T yson’s Punch Out for the Nintendo Entertainment System?
What is the name of the inflatable automatic pilot in the film “Airplane”?
Trivia Master is in the room in the Con where he spends most of his 11:10’s on Mon., Wed., and Fri. Send one or two people to him (need not be musically inclined).
Who runs Barter Town?
Which company uses the slogan: “Latex Makes The Difference”?
Who led the Class D Midwest Baseball league in hitting in 1961?
In Samurai Cat! what does Odin’s birthday cake say?
On what date was the first game of contract bridge played, and what was the name of the boat it was played on?
In Dar Williams’ “The Pointless Yet Poignant Crisis of a Co-ed,” to what group does the girl belong whom the narrator finds in bed with her pot smoking boyfriend?
What superheroes made up the team known as “Spiderman and his Amazing Friends”?
What film is John Simon referring to in this false quote, “O dull new world…it is all as exciting as last year’s weather reports.”?
In “Carnival of Souls,” the actual “Carnival” is a series of buildings that used to be two different things. Name the two functions of the structure before it became a carnival.
Who was Time Magazine referring to in a movie review saying, “It is a sausage? It is certainly smooth and damp looking, but whoever heard of a 172 lb sausage, 6 ft. tall?”
Who was CBS’s team captain at the first Battle Of The Network Stars?
What Canadian League football player won the Annis Stukus trophy in 1973?
What National Leaguer hit .311 in 1989 to finish 4th in the batting race?
What gives the villain “The Cheetah” his power in the Batman and Robin mini-book, “The Cheetah Caper”?
What stands guard on either side of the Ming Tombs in Nanking, China?
What is the name of the fishing boat located in the dining room of Sam Choy’s Nimitz restaurant?
Who was the first person to sing the national anthem in all 30 Major League stadiums?
What are Mrs. Nixon’s three recipes in the 1970 edition of the KFYR radio VIP cookbook?
Where is John Bobbitt’s current place of employment and what is his profession?
At what point did samurai Suzuki Shosan realize that he was destined to become a monk?
Who was the mystery guest on “What’s My Shut Out Line” on May 20th, 1962?
Who was the Dean of L’Ecole Normale de On Campus Shut Out L’Assomption school for teachers in 1957?
What was the headline of Variety Magazine on Wednesday, October 27th, 1926?
In a room of the Escuela de Musica Popular de Avellaneda in Avellaneda, Buenos Aires, Argentina, Rodolfo Mederos, bandoneon player and composer, holds a weekly rehearsal for the tango orchestra he directs. On the wall there is a piece of paper with the lyrics to a song. What is the song’s title, and who wrote it?
What are the names and titles typed under the last four signatures on page 8 of the September 1970 publication "The Eau Claire County Community Shelter Plan; Where to go and what to do in case ofNuclear Attack"?
(Don't ask this while Reischl's asleep) Name the composer of the first piece performed by the Lawrence Symphony Orchestra during the 1996-97 school year, and the instrument whose solo started the piece.
The opening moments of "Tomorrow Never Dies" feature prominently an excellent British actor named Colin Salmon. Which character did he play, opposite the equally excellent Helen Mirren, in "Prime Suspect" on PBS?
At what annual Purdue University event are such delicacies as mealworm stir-fry and bug quiche with sautéed bee larvae served?
What is the pass phrase that Jeff Bridges types into the Mainframe in Tron?
What gift does Holly Golightly in the short novel Breakfast At Tiffany's give Paul Varjack that also appears in Holly's apartment in the movie Breakfast At Tiffany's?
What are the enemy creatures known as in the game "Gyromite," and what vegetable to they eat?
Who was the "Great Time Lord"?
In the Maytag Neptune Video Users Guide, the boy in the skit needs what washed?
Who stars in the ABC made for TV movie, "They Took my Wookie," according to the Onion?
What is the name of Drizzt Do Urden's frost brand scimitar?
Who was the third officer of the passenger liner California in April 1912?
What does MMPI stand for?
What is the adult magazine Eddie Murphy belittles in the opening scenes of "The Golden Child"?
Bobby Fischer became a household name a few years ago after a movie about his life was released. Fischer, made an international chess grandmaster at age 15, became world chess champion by defeating Boris Spassky. But whom did Spassky defeat to become world chess champion?
What government first met in Thingvellir in AD 930?
On what street do the Packers live in the movie "A Christmas Story"?
I am about to play an excerpt from a piece of music. Name the piece and the composer. I will play the excerpt twice and only twice.
Who was the first American to have a monument erected in his honor in India?
Identify the title of the poem by Shirly Nielson:I was wearing a blue Coat. It was cabbage and wieners,They were big cooked wieners, The smell was cabbageOh delicious smellOf cabbage out not summer noise wasRunning water in the kitchen somewhere
In Vonnegut's The Sirens of Titan, what powers the Martian spaceships?
In the Song of Roland, what is Charlemagne's battle cry?
Who is the ship who sang
What was the name of the demon who forced Milo, Tock, and Humbug to do endless tasks in The Phantom Tollbooth?
What are the first and last names of the first four members of Ann Martin's "Baby-Sitter's Club"?
It's another musical excerpt from Dan…I'll play the excerpt twice and only twice. You'll have to give the composer's name and the title of the work.
What Biblical name did Dorothy Parker give to her pet canary?
Give me common names for the medical afflictions tinea pedis, tinea corporis, and tinea cruris.
What is the name of the Chinese wine that purportedly enhances libido which the liquor control board of Ontario removed from shelves, claiming its ingredients were too foul to even dump in the municipal sewers?
In Jim Jarmysch's movie, "Strangers in Paradise," three prisoners, in a fit of madness, start singing—no, screaming, really—and walking in circles. What are the lyrics to this song?
What are the active ingredients and concentrations of Procto Cream HC Hemorrhoid Ointment?
What brand of sousaphone does the narrator play in Jean Sheppard's In God We Trust, All Others Pay Cash?
The book, Onara by Shinta Cho, has been translated to English. Name the translator and the English title.
Name the 4 main sections in the book Animal Grossology by Sylvia Branzei
What were the Stupids doing when they died in The Stupids Die?
Who is the author of a book, published by Dover, which features John Paul II and various outfits, including schoolboy uniforms, clerical garb, a ski outfit, and a Mexican sombrero?
In Vonnegut's Welcome to the Monkey House, what is distinctive about the urine of someone taking Ethical Birth Control Pills?
What are the names of the Stupids pets in Allard and Marshall's "The Stupids" series?
What does the Australian slang term, "to have a northwest cocktail" refer to?
In the original version of "E.T.," Elliot's older brother calls him "penis breath." In the Spanish dub-over, the line is changed. What is the line changed to, either in Spanish or a literal translation in English.
What were the five top grossing films for 1977?
Who did Francois Truffant dedicate The 400 Blows to?
What are the only two things Austin Powers is afraid of?
What was Alfred Hitchcock's first color movie?
What is the alternative title for the 1931 film, "The Dangerous Woman?"
Who did Hudson Hawk take to his prom?
What chess move does J.F. Sebastian use to beat Tyrell in the movie "Bladerunner"?
What is the knight's name in the movie "The Seventh Seal"?
In the movie "Men in Black," what three inventions' patents provide all the funding for the MIB?
What were Peter Alberts, Mondy Carter, Dan Harmon, Bo Johnson, Sean McKenna, Kurt Scholler, and Rob Schrab collectively known as?
What is the ordering code for the pamphlet entitled "Funerals: A Complete Guide" in the Winter 1997-98 Consumer Information Catalog?
Counting A, An, and The, what are the only two books by Dr. Seuss that have a title with only two words in it?
What cartoon character is painted on a plastic cup on the TV show, "Sesame Street"?
The first Greek Sorority was called the Adelphian Society. Through the years, the name has changed. What is it called now?
What does PERN stand for?
What character ends up turning into a sheep in the book, Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll?
What book does this come from, and who is the author? "She was an old woman in a little house in the middle of Wisconsin here somewhere not far from this place. A little old witch who looked a thousand years old one moment and twenty years old the next, but she said she could travel in time. I've haunted every summer for fifty years. "When I find that witch I'm going to kill her."
What do the characters Cal from "Titanic" and Annie Hall from "Annie Hall" share in common?
What two presidents both served under General Henry Atkinson in what is now Fort Atkinson, WI, and what were their ranks?
What is the Wisconsin state motto?
What Wisconsin city has an annual "Rutabaga Festival"?
What WI county is named for a channel in which many, many boats have been destroyed?
What fire swept across WI in very close temporal proximity to the Great Chicago Fire?
What is the name of the "battle" in which Henry Atkinson's troops slaughtered a huge number of mostly defenseless Fleeing Sauk?
Former Trivia Master Jason Dunning grew up here. Trivia Master Josh Sawyer was born here, and so was hairy Portuguese man Stephen Rodrigues-Pavao. What is this place!?
Five representatives from your team must come to the station and sign a document reaffirming THE FACT that the great state of Wisconsin does, in all truth, rool. YOU HAVE FIVE MINUTES!
Why did Heather Generaux attack Jennifer Fitzgibbon in June of 1997?
Who, according to Douglas Adams, is the worst poet in the world?
What is the title of the album catalogued as Phonodisc 1187 at the LU Media Center and who is the conductor?
What early 70's TV show focused on the class of American History teacher Pete Dixon?
Which famous short story collection has the phrase "we know the sound of two hands clapping. But what is the sound of one hand clapping?" on the dedication page?
There are only 2 Saks 5th Ave. stores in the country that are actually on 5th Ave. One is in NY. In what city and state is the other one, and what are the cross streets?
To what body of salt water is Minnesota closest?
In the "Song of Roland" who kills the wicked Saracen pagan Abisme by piercing his body from one side to the other?
Who is the vicious gossip in the movie "Pink Flamingos"?
Who once threatened Charles Mingus with a knife, leading to Mingus' resignation from Duke Ellington's Big Band?
What's the tempo marking at the beginning of Tom Lehrer's "The Irish Ballad"?
In the Song of Rolland, the Pagan Valdabrun gives Ganelon what?
Where did Jimmy Stewart's Oscar for "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" reside for the first 20 years of its existence?
What is the only word in English in the Greek version of They Might Be Giants' song November 3?
Hassidic children are taught to do what when someone tries to take their picture?
What is the 9 branched candelabra used at Hanukkah properly called?
What are the tassels on a tallis called?
What 5 albums topped the Billboard charts on August 26, 1967?
Who is the Rabbi Emeritus of congregation Neueh Shalom in PDX, OR?
nan
In the animated movie "Charlotte's Web," what four messages appear in the spider's web?
At Hanukkah, Dreidl is played. Outside of Israel, what Hebrew do the four letters stand for (in Hebrew)?
What Haftorah portion did Sara Decherd read at her Bat Mitzvah?
What space on the Star Wars Monopoly board corresponds with the space Marvin Gardens in the original game?
What's the 7th ingredient in Blueberry Melon Strawberry Orbitz?
At a bris, or ritual circumcision, there is traditionally one chair purposefully left empty. Who is it for, and why is it there?
What are the qualifications for a kosher tallis?
Jeremy Kiredemen has been called everything from "Jermmatron" to "that real short punk." What is the German term for "malicious joy" or "damage joy?"
Who was the Packer TV announcer from 1956 to 1965?
Name the Olympic archer whose accuracy in Atlanta was such that she hit the miniature camera located at the center of the bullseye, causing a delay in her match while technicians replaced it?
Name of the actor who has made appearances on the following movies and TV shows: "Alien: Resurrection," "X-Files," "Dune," "Millennium Blue Velvet," and "Mississippi Burning."
Who is the only bassoonist in the Fargo- Moorhead Orchestra?
Poetry ID: author and titleThe town does not existexcept where one black-haired tree slipsup like a drowned woman into the hot sky.The town in silent. The night boils with eleven stars. Oh starry starry night! This is how I want to die.
What is the major product made by Whipple Company, which is run by Dight Crain?
Dialing the phone number (718) 387-6962 in 1987 would have given you what?
On Feb. 11, 1996, Janos Starker played a recital in the UW-Madison Mills Auditorium. What Lawrence alumnus played in the cello choir which accompanied Starker?
What is the name of the ship that explodes and sinks in the opening sequences of "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?"
What is the name of Paul Varjak's book in the movie "Breakfast at Tiffany's"?
In the Maytag Neptune Video Users Guide, what do they call the feature that allows the washer to know how much water is needed for each load.
What is the name of Corky's "wife" in the movie "Waiting for Guffman"?
Who (what group) introduced Christianity to the Samoan people and when did they do it?
Who did the cover art for the They Might Be Giants single, "They'll Need a Crane"?
The town of Needham, Massachusetts has a long holiday tradition of decorating three trees in the town with blue lights at Christmastime. Where are these three trees?
What is the title of the theme to the TV show Leave it to Beaver (it's not the theme to Leave it to Beaver)?
What had Morris Katz sold 181,818 of as of July 1, 1988
Off what pitcher did George Brett get his 3,000th hit?
To what race is gold lethal, due to its non- corrodible nature?
Often, Americanized versions of British TV shows are successful in the US. Name the British series on which "All in the Family" was based.
Trivia Master Dan has something for you…he says "Lucia jumps in the fox!" Find him.
What did Opal Whitey name her favorite mouse?
What two types of flowers traditionally appear in the bouquets of English royalty?
What's the name of the bald janitorial adversary of Moses in the movie "The Hudsucker Proxy"? Note: we're looking for the character name, not the name of the actor.
What was the first full time professional chamber orchestra established in the United States?
In the video game Final Fantasy III, what is the name of the spell that the weapon "Tempest" randomly casts?
Who won the Walt Whitman Award in 1975 for what book?
Outside of the YMCA located on Touhy (pronounced two-ee) Avenue in Niles, Illinois, there is a replica of a famous European building. What building is it?
What is the name of the public garden in Shrewsbury, England
Charlie Barnet was one of the biggest of the big band leaders of the 1930's and 40's, but he also tried his hand at acting. In which two films did he appear?
Quote ID, author and title"O, thou art fairer than the evening air, Clad in the beauty of a thousand stars."
Give the next line of the poem by Ralph Waldo Emerson which begins with this line: "Bring me wine, but wine which never grew…"
In "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" Wonka opens a door with a musical lock. Mrs. Teevee incorrectly identifies the composition Wonka plays as being written by Rachmaninoff. What piece is actually played, and who wrote it?
the Bell P-39 Aircobra was designed by whom?
What are the names of the two Big Bosses in the game "Metroid"?
Name the episode of "Star Trek: the Next Generation" in which Ashley Judd has a guest role.
What are the six songs on the single that accompanies the Australian version of They Might Be Giants album "John Henry"?
In the movie "Innerspace" the evil Mr. Igoe's car has a vanity plate. What does it say?
What is the marketing slogan for the Oregon, WI-based candy store The Chocolate Caper?
What is the only word that will calm down Mad Margaret in Gilbert & Sullivan's "Ruddigore"?
In the video game Final Fantasy III, what is the name of Cyon's level 3 sword tech attacks?
Who is the narrator of the book The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales?
Its another musical excerpt from Trivia Master Dan…give the full name and title of the work I'm about to play an excerpt from. I will play the excerpt twice.
In the movie "Tombstone," What is the title of the book that Wyatt places on Doc's bed before Doc dies?
What was the alleged name of the ubiquitous prankster in Lionel Hampton's band?
What rank is directly superior to a wing commander in the RAF (UK)?
The Monty Python character Dennis Moore is always taking what from the rich?
When Mark Hamill auditioned for "Carrie," next to de Palma was another now famous director. This director sent Mark a script of another movie after his "Carrie" auditions. What, according to Hamill, was the full title of the script?
In the Maytag Neptune Video User's Guide, what is the first word spoken that has more than one syllable?
What is the canopy at a traditional Jewish wedding called?
In the episode of "Star Trek: The Next Generation" called "Time's Arrow," what play do Picard, Crusher, Troi, and others pretend to be rehearsing?
Who did the painting on the cover of The Band's album, Music From Big Pink?
In the movie "The Jerk," there is a scene in which Navin leaves Marie, telling her that he doesn't need her or anyone or anything…that is, anything except for a few items. What are these items?
What foundation is located at 270 Lafayette Street, New York, NY 10012?
What Lovecraftian item was needed to see the invisible Son of Yog-Sothoth?
Who are the fire murders that Tomokato tracks in "The Adventures of Samurai Cat"?
Lawrence's famous "rock" was found in 1895 on a geological expedition. What city was the expedition near and on what hill was the rock found?
In heraldry, what is the left hand side called?
What are the names of the three dudes from Daniel that Sky Masterson refers to in "Guys and Dolls"?
Who is the founder of the Cumberland, RI company that makes the Sayco Tournament Yo-Yo?
In the movie "Waiting for Guffman," the cast of Corky's musical is dismayed to discover that they have mistaken a regular person for the beloved Guffman. What is the character name for this mere mortal (note: "not Guffman" is incorrect)?
The bottle caps of Henry Weinhard's root beer have pictures of Mr. Weinhard saying 5 things. Name three.
In the movie "The Battle Ship Potempkin," what rolls down the stairs at Odessa?
What did the sixth Doctor have pinned to his lapel?
One of our sponsors, Tellenar, Inc., is from which state?
What is the name of the gay bar often visited in the Police Academy series?
What is the chemical formula for the mineral cinnabar?
What is the Minnesota state muffin?
When the series "Star Trek: The Next Generation" ended, what was Counselor Deanna Troi's rank?
What is the chemical formula for hematite?
What flaming garment does Fezzig wear to impersonate the Dread Pirate Roberts in the movie "The Princess Bride"?
What is the full name of the hero in the video game "Castlerania"?
As you now know, Tellenar, Inc. is located in the state of Illinois. What municipality is Tellenar located in?
What are the first names of Alfred Ill's children in Durrenmatt's Der Besuch Der Alten Dame?
Who was the host of the "25,000 Pyramid"?
Send one or more members of your team to the top of union hill behind the union to meet Trivia Master Josh. Once everyone has arrived, Josh will provide further instructions. Note that the more people you send, the better your chances of getting many points.
In the video game Final Fantasy III, what is the controller command for Sabin's "Mantra" move?
What is the e-mail address for the "Consumer Information Catalogue"?
What movie soundtrack contains the songs, "Venus," "Stayin' Alive," and "The Chicken Dance"?
Quote ID: name the speaker"Oh Lord God, shield mine eyes from thy holy city, for I posses not the strength to conquer her."
Who and from what college is the Oxford University Professor of Moral and Pastoral Theology?
Who was Roger Clemens' first strikeout victim in the major leagues?
Give the real name of the actor who played an orphan adopted by a traveling circus in the 1950's TV show "Circus Boy."
What was the incantation that Pee-Wee had to say with the Genie every time he made a wish on "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"?
In the new Disney movie "Flubber," what is Robin Williams' character's $ email address?
Go to Josh Sawyer's home page (http://www.etsco.com/users/jsawyer) and send him an email message to the address listed on the page with the text of Revelation 22:13. You have 1 hour. 10 points. Be sure to list your team name.
Who does the voice of Ralphie as an adult in the movie "A Christmas Story"?
What are the names of the three terms at Oxford University?
In the movie "Chasing Amy," what is the name of the comic book Alyssia Jones draws?
What band pays a song that has the following lyrics: "But if I am guilty, then so are you. It was March 4th, 1982"?
Who played Miss Scarlet in the movie "Clue," starring Tim Curry?
What's the name of the most notorious Nothinghead in Kurt Vonnegut's Welcome to the Monkey House?
What was allegedly the name of the demon head that the Templars kept on the wall of their great hall?
What is the name of the demon horde that flees into the pigs in the Gospel According to Mark?
On the wall of a convent in Meissen, Germany, there was an old painting of St. Michael that supposedly did something miraculous when the numbers in the convent became low. What was the miracle?
Who is the only female that Paul recognizes as administering the baptism of Christians?
What national name did Jacob receive in Genesis and why?
What was the name of the really big Crusader castle that Saladin tricked the Crusaders out of?
If one includes the Book of Tobit as canon, who are the three angels mentioned by name in the Bible and what did their names mean?
According to John, who rides the green horse?
What saint became a hermit and ferried pilgrims across a river on his huge back?
Quote: name the subject of the description, the author, and the book."She was…one of the Innsmouth Waites, and dark legends have clustered for generations about crumbling, half-deserted Innsmouth and its people."
Cal Ripken's Topps Rookie Card (1982 no. 21) is actually a Baltimore Orioles Future Star card. Name the other two players pictured.
In 1996, the duo "Marimolin" came to Lawrence University. The violinist was Sharon Levanthal. Who was the marimbist?
Who attacks the Frontier in the movie "The Last Starfighter"?
Which university gave out 137 engineering diplomas with the word "university" misspelled on them in the summer of 1997?
What group of characters created the ooblek?
Name 5 of Menolly's fire lizards in the Harper Hall trilogy by Anne McCaffrey
In the "Frasier" theme song, there is a reference to "tossed salads and scrambled eggs." What 1937 play also has references to tossed salads and scrambled eggs?
In what Cary Grant film is a tombstone shown inscribed with his real name—Archibald Leach?
Who is the stoning victim in Shirley Jackson's story, "The Lottery"?
Give the name and title of the enormous mobile green brain encountered by the Doctor and Romana?
What was the name of the first American hotel with indoor plumbing?
For what Jewish holiday is it a requirement to get drunk?
In the computer game "Age of Empires" by Microsoft, what Government Center technology is required before you can upgrade Phalanxes to Centurions?
How was David III, Prince of Wales executed on October 3, 1283?
What did peasant farmer Hans Belem say that he saw that got church officials pissed off enough to burn him?
At what prison was the Korean patriot An Chung Gun executed in 1910?
In Malory it occurred when Balin stabbed Pellam with the Lance of Longinus. In another version, it occurs when King Varlan killed King Lambor with David's Sword. What was this action that made the grail quest necessary?
In the video game Final Fantasy III, what is the controller command for Sabin's Suplex move?
In the Campaign Sourcebook and Catacomb Guide, what is the name of the unfortunate target of "bash the halfling thief" night?
This Korean Admiral of the Yi Dynasty died at a young age and was credited with inventing the first armored battleship in 1592. What was his name?
What is another name for a heavy crossbow?
In the movie "Psycho" upon reaching the Bates Motel, where does Janet Leigh's character hide the stolen money?
In the "Song of Roland," Roland's companion Oliver slays many opponents. What is the name of his sword?
Pete Martens' wire questions have been called everything from mildly stupid to totally annoying. What is the traditional name for a set of swords consisting of katana and wakazashi
On Babylon 5, this race of first ones wanted the younger races to compete to reach the pinnacle of their evolution through war, conflict, strife, and chaos.
Who was the evil and invisible brother of King Pellam who was slain by Balin?
Who were the only members of House Do'Urden to survive the official destruction of House Do'Urden by the ruling council of Menzoberranzan?
Three members of the band Dream Theater have tattoos of the letter M, which stood for the original name of the band. They were forced to change the name when they found that it was already in use. What was the name?
What is the name of the time keeper of all Dinotopia?
Which saint was saved from marrying the king of Sicily when God helped her by allowing a beard and mustache to grow on her face?
Who played the first wife of Charles Foster Kane in the movie "Citizen Kane"?
For what party did John Hagelin run for President and Vinton D. Tompkins run for Vice President on the Wisconsin ballot?
What is the name for the Asian weapon which consists of a Kama on the end of a long chain?
What are the title and subtitle of the second movement of Alkan's "Grande Sonata for Solo Piano"?
What is the name of Alice's cat in the Disney movie "Alice in Wonderland"?
What recreational activity did Joseph Merlin first demonstrate in 1760?
Into what vegetable is Pitt, the protagonist from Kid Icarus, occasionally turned?
What is Maynard G. Kreb's real first name in the "Many Loves of Dobie Gillis" TV show?
What beverage is made from the leaves of ilex pervana?
What is the license plate number on Mr. Bean's car (the TV series)?
Who did the title music for the Marathon trilogy for Mac?
Who did the character design for the game Chronotrigger?
Name the only person chosen as a number 1 pick in baseball's amateur draft before 1990 who never made it to the major leagues.
What colors are the dragons of PERN?
Name the five cheeses featured in Monty Python's cheese shop sketch which include a nationality in the cheese name (only nations— none of that pansy Town or Province or other half-bit geography).
In the movie "Say Anything," Joan Cusack's character has a child. What is the first name of the father of this child?
One is an animal, the other a sailor. What is the only character name found in both The X-Files and Moby Dick?
Who was the principle designer of Audrey Hepburn's movie wardrobes?
What is director Terry Gilliam's middle name?
There are three ginkgo trees on campus. Taped to each of them is a piece of paper with a single word written on it. Copy the word from each of these trees and assemble them into a grammatically correct sentence of English. There are also words on non-gingko trees. Each team gets three guesses. (20 minutes, 15 points)
What's the name of Ralphie's teacher in the movie "A Christmas Story"?
Name the operas in Wagner's Ring cycle
The book is Clive Barker's Imajica. The character is John Zacharias. What's his nickname?
There are four Rommely sisters in Betty Smith’s A Tree Grows in Brooklyn. Three are mentioned throughout the book: Evy, Sissy, and Katie. Who is the fourth?
Two of the most prestigious awards given to graduating Lawrence seniors are the Campus Life Award and the John H. Scidmore Memorial Award. Name the only person who has won both awards in a single year, and the year he won them in (must be asked when Union is closed).
Name the two supposed lost works of Pablo Picasso from the movie “Titanic.”
In the animated feature film “101 Dalmatians,” what Disney short cartoon are the dogs watching at Hell Hall when Sgt. Tibbs comes to rescue them?
Where are cartoon character Little Lulu’s freckles?
Which current US Senator attended Carroll College?
What medicine does the “X-Files’” Robert Patrick Moddell take?
What country consumed the most beer per capita in 1994?
In the final scene of “The Tempest,” Prospero and company find Miranda and Ferdinand, the two young lovers, engaged in an activity alone together. This activity was omitted in the 1997 Lawrence production. Name it.
What TV show’s theme song was titled “Gotcha”?
Which movie star greatly influenced Disney’s Aurora?
What was Christine Sullivan’s title in the 1978 Miss Buffalo Contest?
In the book Weetzie Bat, what’s the name of Weetzie’s blond daughter?
What London Church inspired the wedding cake?
In the movie “The Jerk,” what is Navin’s address as printed in the St. Louis Phone Directory?
What is the title of the 2nd movement of David Maslanka’s work “A Child’s Garden of Dreams”?
Sadly, the Tri-State Tomahawks are no more. In which community did they play?
Who were the original hosts of TV’s Short Attention Span Theater?
What is the name of the non-alcoholic brew made by Guinness?
In the movie “Clue,” how does Mr. Green respond when Wadsworth states for the first time that “although monkey’s brains are popular in Cantonese cuisine, they are not often found in Washington DC”?
Two current Packer stars share the same birthday. Who are they, what month and day were they born?
Name the title, which consists of only one word, of the last episode of the Monkees TV series.
What is the mascot of Edison Elementary School in Appleton, WI (Lawrence is the Vikings, Edison is …)?
In 1990 President George Bush named his 1,000 points of light. What was his 312 point of light?
What TV secret agent’s foes include Ali Assasseen and Mr. Wang Fu?
Poetry ID: Author and TitleNo greater grief than to remember days of joy when misery is at hand.
Who played B-Flat, Alto, and Contrabass Clarinets on the Lawrence University Wind Ensemble’s 1992 recording American Music for Winds?
It’s fun to make fun of “The Dukes of Hazzard” but one member of the cast wasn’t laughing when he ran—unsuccessfully—for the US House of Representatives in 1994. Name the cast member and his opponent.
What video game features The Amazon, Starman, and King Korn Karn?
What TV game show doe Kevin’s parents watch in the movie “Time Bandits”?
Who conducted the orchestra in Walt Disney’s “Fantasia”?
What is the name of the hotel in David Lynch’s Hotel Room?
What was the name of David Lynch’s first short film?
What post-secondary school did both of David On shut out Lynch’s parents attend?
Who played the fairly obscure character John Justice Wheeler on TV’s “Twin Peaks”?
Where is Henry (from the movie “Eraserhead”) employed?
In the movie “Eraserhead,” the Lady in the Radiator sings a song. What are the lyrics to the first verse?
In Lost Highway, what thing does Bill Pullman’s character hate, because he “likes to remember things as he sees them, not necessarily as they happen?”
Trivia Master Carlie needs some dishware. Specifically, Downer dishware. Bring any two of the following items to her in the Harper Hall lobby: a tray, a glass, a complete set of silverware including a soup spoon, plate, bowl, or dessert plate. She gets to keep them, and the items must be different. 20 minutes.David Lynch Hour
What is the name of David Lynch’s “Comic” Strip?
According to David Lynch, what author did he read the most as a child?
What was the movie “Dune’s” catch-phrase in the original theatrical trailer?
What was the last line of spoken dialogue in the series “Twin Peaks”?
What is the last name of Henry’s girlfriend in the movie “Eraserhead”?
Who is the movie “Dune” dedicated to?
What is the slogan for Encore Mallets?
What is the first single on "The Band's" album,Thrown Out "Music from Big Pink"?
What are the last 5 words, in German, of J.S. Bach's "St. John Passion"?
According to the Onion, who did Clinton deploy to Liberia?
What are the first names of "Star Trek" character Spock's parents?
What is on the cover of the issue of Life magazine that the Nazi officer is reading on the plane in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"?
Who is the Masterhealer of Pern?
What was Walter Mathau's alleged destination when he chartered a sea plane in the movie "Hopscotch"?
What is the Spanish language publishing division of Scholastic called?
In the movie "The Jerk," what instrument does Marie play?
Who was the first US photographer to perish in Vietnam?
Who provided the funding for the CD "Visitations"?
As part of MTV's top 500 video-fest, the top 50 videos of all time (note: according to whom?) aired live on Sunday, November 16, 1997. One of MTV's annoying VeeJays, Mat Pinfield, was inserted into one of these videos. If you were the 50th caller to a 1-800 number on spotting Mr. Pinfield, you won $50,000. Name the song in whose video Pinfield appeared and the group who sang it, as well as the city and state from which the $50,000 winner called.
What was Empress Maria Fyodorovna Romanova's original name?
What is the name of the small green reconnaissance ship on BBC's "Red Dwarf"?
What does the word "achshav" mean in Hebrew?
Who interviewed John Cale for his petition to receive the Leonard Bernstein Scholarship to study at Tanglewood?
In "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," who teaches philosophy down the hall from Indiana?
Silicate minerals in which two silicon-oxygen tetrahedrons are linked by sharing one oxygen ion between them are known as what kind of silicate group?
What is the fictitious game played at the end of the movie "The Whoopie Boys"?
What is the name of the endless street in Bards' Tale I and III?Thrown Out
In one of her movies, Angela Landsbury played Mrs. Harris, a cleaning lady working towards buying a certain object. A) what was the name of the movie, and b) what was the object Mrs. Harris wished to acquire?
In what city and state was Lawrence Welk born?
What is distinctive about world 2-2 in "Super Mario Brothers"?
With whom did Renee Roca win the U.S. National Ice Dance Championship in 1986?
What food could Vern live on for the rest of his life in the movie "Stand By Me"?
Trivia Master Dan is near the portrait of George F. Peabody which is located on the LU campus. Find him. He'll give you something. Only the first FOUR teams to find him will get something, though.Off Campus Only
What's the name of Sweet Valley High's student newspaper, in the book series?
In the movie "The Prisoner of Zenda," what character is the prisoner of Zenda?
Who was the Czar of Representation for the movie "Clerks"?
What is the title of this tune:"Owre Kyre went forth to Normandy,With grace and myght of chivalry;The God for hym wroght marvelously Where for Englonde may calle, and cry:"'Deo gratias: Deo gratias Anglia reddePro Victoria'"?
What did Alfred Hitchcock give Grace Kelley as a wedding shower gift?
On the 6th night in William Wegman's Fay's 12 Days of Christmas, Batty dreams that Crooky turns into what?
What does the license plate on the delorean in "Back to the Future" say?
What is the name of the Carleton Women's Intercollegiate Ultimate Frisbee Team?
Trivia Master Seamus has, to date, consumed 30 quarts of Tang™ this school year. If he had drunk it all in one day, what percentage of the US RDA of Vitamin C would Trivia Master Seamus have fulfilled?
What poem begins, "To see the world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wildflower" and who wrote it?
In what city was the American composer David Maslanka born
What's the secondary title of Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Yeoman of the Guard"?
What is the name of the bully in the movie "A Christmas Story," and what color are his eyes?
With what did Queen Victoria mix her claret?
Belching contest
In what community do the Tri-City Posse play their home games?
Pauly Fuernana obtained world-wide recognition with his super mega-hit song about nothing, "How Bizarre." Pauly is now the only member of his band OMC. What does OMC stand for?
Irene Ryan, who formerly played "Granny" on "The Beverly Hillbillies," collapsed and died backstage during a performance on Broadway. Name the show and the role she was playing when this happened.
Who did the Mountain Dew Council of Elders exile for being "non-radical"?
In what 1987 hit film did Kate Mulgrew have a role?
What is the full name of the founder of the American Kyuki-Do Federation?
At the December 24, 1982 performance by the Metropolitan Opera of Humperdinck's "Hansel And Gretel," Frederica von Stade played Hansel. Who played Gretel?
In the movie "The Jerk," Navin inadvertently invents a multi-million dollar invention. What is is known as?
Trivia Master Jeremy is in Riverview Lounge enjoying a leisurely smoke. Send as many team members as you like and sing the song of his choice while being accompanied by his roommate Michael Florence. Oh, and Jeremy encourages you to bring your own tobacco and smoke with him for awhile.
What state has a Hazelnut Commission, and in what year was it founded?
Everybody loves the Dukes of Hazzard episode in which Boss Hogg, Roscoe, Bo, and Luke are thrown into a prison in a neighboring county. Who plays Boss Hogg's "sworn enemy" Cassius Claiborne in this episode?
Who won the Laurel Leaf Award for giving American music encouragement in 1951?
Since 1901, only two catchers have led a major league in batting average. Name them.
Known as "avik" in the Arctic Alaska, "the time has come, the walrus said," give the genus and species names for the walrus.
What did American Airlines do to celebrate its non-stop flight from Austin to Miami in 1997?
Quote ID: Author"The cruelest lies are often told in silence."
On the most well known They Might Be Giants bootleg, Dr. Spock's Back Up Band, what are the only songs not written solely by TMBG?
Name all of the conductors of the Portland Youth Philharmonic, past and present, not including assistants or guests.
Where (at what address) is the national champion black walnut located?
Lieutenant M.D. Baranov of the 183rd Fighter Regiment had a phrase painted on the side of his Yakolev Yak-1 fighter aircraft. What is that phrase?
In 1681, a tract of land on which the towns of Needham and Wellesley both sit today was purchased from Massachusetts Indian tribal leader William Nehoiden. What was the total price?
Who bore the oriflamme at the battle of Agincourt?
Name the tugboat and the tugboat's captain that brought the Duluth and Iron Range "Three Spot" from Duluth to Two Harbors
On Tuesday, August 26, 1856, two future vice presidents of the United States (Henry Wilson and Hannibal Hamlin) were in Needham, MA for an event. Name the event and tell what the table was graced with.
On April 19, 1979, Ray Bolt of Birmingham, England appeared on BBC television and performed an unusual action. What programme did he appear on, and what did he do?
In a room of the Escuela de Musica Popular De Avellaneda in Allellaneda, Buenos Aires, Argentina, Rodolfo Medenos, bandoneon player and composer, holds a weekly rehearsal for the fango orchestra he directs. On the wall there is a piece of paper with the lyrics to a song. What is the song title and who composed the song?
What is the leading cause of fashion related injuries?
What are the names of the horses that belong to the Ingalls family in Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House on the Prarie?
Who married the original "Monkey Girl" (the bearded lady)?
In the book DUNE, what is known as the so-called "Music Planet?"
Who coached the Tri-Cities Blackhawks from 1949-1950?
From what film does this clip come from and who is the actor who screams? [play selection 11 from tape]
Who was Mary Todd Lincoln's dressmaker?
What is the name of Dudley Do-Right's horse?
Who said, "I did not want to, when I came to die, find that I had not lived?"
In Jean Shepard's In God We Trust, All Other's Pay Cash, there are two one-word signs that hang outside Flick's Tavern. What do they read?
What name did Luke Sdywalker go by during his travels on Teyr and Atzerri?
Name the four official mascots of the Nagona Olympic Games.
What did the sign on the wall behind Judge John T. Raalston's bench at the Scopes trial read?
The Two B's of ABBA collaborated with a now famous lyricist to create what musical?
What was the first name of John Lennon's first girlfriend?
Who does Scotty have a poster of on his door in the movie Fargo?
What's the motto of Hudsucker Industries in the movie "The Hudsucker Proxy"?
What is Jeff Lebowski's only form of ID?
In the movie Fargo, who do Carl and his escort see perform at the Carlton Celebrity longue?
Who plays the man nicknamed "Smitty" in the movie The Hudsucker Proxy?
Who is Jesus's bowling partner in the Big Lebowski?
In preparation for her role in the film "Fargo," Frances McDormand worked with an actress who had a small role in the film. What role was this?
What Brian Jones album was influenced by a trip to North Africa and released after his death?
In the film "War of the Worlds" what are Dr. Clayton Forrester's (Gene Barry) first word as the Martian ship begins to crash?
During what years was Arthur Pryor the trombone soloist with the John Phillip Sousa band?
Which animated Disney characters were based on animators Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston's observations of "little old ladies, often in grocery stores?"
In what country is the fraudulent 5th gold ticket found in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Who are the members of the Fay family in William Wegman's Fay's 12 Days of Christmas?
Who was the first female radio presenter in Scotland?
What book feature a love scene consisting of a man and woman vomiting into each others mouths during a 3 minute kiss?
What does the Jan./Feb. (1999) issue of Jane magazine call the "Position of the Month"?
Who was Mrs. Alma Mahler's painter lover? (Yup. She's Mahler's wife. He was dead when she took on a lover, so she wasn't cheating on genius-man.)
Scavenger hunt? Bring me a teddy, a slip, 1 string bikini panty and bra set, and baby doll and a red or white satin chemise with side slit and spaghetti straps. Bonus if they're modeled!Sex Hour
Early Taoists believe that semen contained ch'i, or life energy. In order not to waste this, they developed techniques where the male, upon reaching orgasm, did not ejaculate externally. Where did the semen really end up, and where did practitioners of this technique think it was going?Sex
To whom did Jackie Kennedy lose her virginity?
Who held the world record for the longest kiss in 1978?
According to "Kids in the Hall" what was Beethoven's 5th symphony inspired by?
On the national tour of Rent who was the understudy that played the role of Angel on July 4, 1997?
What was The Rolling Stones first TV appearance and in what year?
In 1964, Laurence Olivier played Othello in the National Theatre production. Who played Desdemona?
In Pee Wee's Christmas Special who did Pee Wee Herman ask to make him 1,000 Christmas cards?
What is the moral of Venus in Furs?
What is the code name for the CIA experiments in which men were lured by call girls and given LSD and marijuana?
Who conquered 680,000 square miles?
Who had the world's longest ball of string in 1976?
In SE England, the poop from 70 million chickens (more than 200,000 tons a year) gets carted over to the local power plant and burned as fuel. This foul excrement makes electricity for more than 12,000 homes. What was the name of the man who thought up this idea?
What is the name of the badger-like creature, who, according to Japanese folklore, has an enormous scrotum that he plays like a drum?
This parasitic fish, native to the Orinoco and Amazon Rivers, will swim up a person's urethra, where it will attach itself and begin to suck blood. It's barbed head makes it impossible to remove except surgically.
What was the name of the Japanese cartoon character designed to promote the nuclear industry who was featured in one commercial emerging from a bathroom after having eaten plutonium, saying "I feel so fresh!"?
Why did the Columbus, GA school district pay aides to retouch textbooks containing Emanuel Leutze's "Washington Crossing the Delaware?"
What material makes up diospyroheazoars?
How long would the average human have to fart consistently to produce the same amount of energy as is produced by an atomic bomb?
In Terry Gilliam's Brazil, what form would Harry Tutle need before he could "turn on a kitchen tap?"
In February 1295 where did Archbishop-elect Robert Winchelsey take his oath of fealty to King Edward?
What major league wide scoring record was set in 1961?
What was Senator Barry Goldwater's 1964 election slogan?
In the film, "The Hunt for Red October" what is the technical name for the Red October's propulsion system?
Where is the vast majority of the world's eggplant grown?
In the film, "Young Tom Edison" what two chemicals did Tom mix in his school house that frightened the entire town that the building was on fire?
What happened to cartoon character Christopher Crumpet when he became cross?
What was the name of the men's softball team that won the Major Fast Pitch championship in 1959?
According to Kryton on BBC's Red Dwarf, where do all machines go when they die?
In the Bible, what kind of bird is said to sit on eggs that don't hatch?
What is the only song in their long friendship that Mick Jagger and Keith Richards fought over?
Who is the only African-American female She-Ra character?
In Roald Dahl's The Twits, what was the name of the patriarch of the upside-down monkey family?
Who suggested the Rolling Stones hire Hell's Angels for their 1969 Altamont Motor Speedway concert?
Who was Charles I Secretary of State in 1627?
What common tool was originally known as the "Force Cup"?
What model is on the cover of the Nov. 1999 issue of Russian Vogue?
What game was invented by a Canadian couple on a yacht and brought to market by game maker E.S. Lowe?
What boyhood chum stole Edmund Blackadder's fiancée in Victorian England?
What Aztec god reigned over springtime renewal and nocturnal rain?
What is the only city in Nevada where gambling is illegal?
What was the original life cycle of an alien in "Alien" before James Cameron changed it in "Aliens"?
What famous American helped bury soldiers in the Black Hawk War?
Who was Oxford University's first art history professor?
Who was the last bare-knuckle Heavyweight Boxing Champion? (1882-1892)
Name one of the license plate numbers of James Bond's Aston Martin DBS.
What is the nickname of the car driven by Gertrude Stein in the American Fund for French Wounded?
What Canadian first lady became notorious for wearing only a bathrobe at a rambunctious Rolling Stones party in 1977?
At the beginning of every episode of "Pee-Wee's Playhouse," Conkey would give Pee-Wee a secret word. One time, Pee-Wee didn't know the word that Conkey brought up, thinking that there had been a mistake. This was the same episode in which they visited another planet. What was the word?
Who funded Bolt, Baranek, and Newman's R&D for the Arpanet (the early internet)?
What was the name of the falcon employed at Sky Dome Stadium in 1988?
What is the 4th thing Mory Renault would have liked to see in world history?
According to the Onion, what was discovered by researchers at Johns Hopkins University in 1966?
In 1990 Chicago Cubs slugger Andre Dawson was fined for throwing bats onto the field after being called out on strikes. Who did he make the check out to?
Who said of music, "it is the only sensual pleasure without vice"?
Directly to the left of the starting point in the game "Metroid," there is a special tool. What is it called, and what does it do?
What composition was referred to by its composer as "seventy minutes of orchestra without any music?"
What Hero of Oceania was the organizer of life and death?
For what film was Katherine Hepburn given the first of her 4 academy awards?
Who commissioned this work? (play first 20 seconds or so of Strauss oboe concerto)
In the background to the Beatles song "I Am The Walrus" there is spoken dialogue. Who is the author of this dialogue, and in what work did it originally appear?
Who holds the record for the third base man with the least assists appearing in at least 150 games?
Which Cubs player had the most career pinch hits?
What was Dr. Seuss's favorite cartoon character of all-time?
With what sporting event is the phrase "Black September" commonly associated?
Name the film and scene that this music came from. (Play bit of track 5 from "Glory" CD)
From what film does this sound affect come from? (Play selection one from tape)
What giant red object sits in the central part of Spokane?
According to Ken Kesey, what is the second greatest American novel?
What's the alternate title for Tolkien's "The Hobbit?"
What was the first role playing game published by Pallidium games?
Identify 5 movies at media center at 1:30 pm- find Alavic
What event would William Shirer most like to have seen in world history?
What did Sesame Street's Bert want to name the puppy that Ernie brought home?
Who was the first base runner ever to slide?
On Syd Barrett's album, "The Madcap Laughs" for what song did Barrett borrow James Joyce's poetry?
Who invented cellophane?
According to Richard Strauss, the trombone is the head of what family of wind instruments?
What ship sank after being rammed by the Norwegian ship "Storsstad" on May 29th, 1914?
What was the original title of Xaviera Hollander's novel The Happy Hooker?
What does the acronym D.E.R.E. stand for?
In Traumnovelle (trown-novela) the book that "Eyes Wide Shut" is based on, what is the password to get into the party?
Contrary to popular belief that he wanted to look like a pioneer, why did Ben Franklin wear a fun cap when he was sent to Paris in 1778 to represent the U.S.?
Who played Amanda in the original production of "The Glass Menagerie"?
Sound clip, ask for movie and performer (TK 4, 00:42-1:06)
What is the real name of the Harlequin in Harlan Ellison's 'Repent, Harlequin' said the Ticktockman?
What is the effect of catnip when taken by humans?
What countries were involved in the shortest war in history?
At one point in the movie "The Fisher King," Jack talks to Pinocchio about a particular influential thinker. Who is he talking about?
In the New Kids on the Block video "Hangin' Tough," what does Donnie mistake the Sole with Hollandaise sauce for?
According to Garrison Keillor in his "Lutheran's Guide to the Orchestra" what is going to happen to you if you start playing the oboe?
Trivia Master André is tired from all those hours on the air. He wants to unwind with some video games. Send 1 member of your team to his room and put your skills to the test.Off campus only
What's the name of the club where Bill Pullman's character plays sax in David Lynch's film "Lost Highway"?
What is Sam the American Eagle's first line in the "Muppet Family Christmas"?
On the original poster for "Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade," what was the catch phrase at the very top of the poster?
Wahoo is an herb used by Native Americans. What does David Kessler in his guide to healing herbs suggest you use it for?
In The Story of Rikki, how is Rogan's kung- fu described?
Who is She-ra's grandfather?
The customer comment cards given out at Pan's and Company, a Spanish fast food restaurant, feature a photograph of protestors carrying two signs. According to the signs what are the protestors advocating?
What item is advertised in the Victoria's Secret Accessory Book, Fall 1999, Vol. 1, No. 2, what is it made of, and what colors does it come in?
What was the name of the 15th century, thatched roof manse Keith Richards bought in Sussex in 1966?
Who made the first animated cartoons and what was the term used for them?
Where was pop artist Roy Lichtenstein's first one-man exhibition held?
In "Super Mario Brothers," certain turtles had wings. What were they called?
Who was the Beatles' song "Eleanor Rigby" originally about?
Jim Henson designed the muppet that became Cookie Monster for a potato chip commercial that never aired. What was the monster's original name?
Who was the first director of the school of Staatliches Bauhaus?
In what movie did Audrey Hepburn play an Indian?
At his death, Hungarian composer Bela Bartok had left two works unfinished. These works were the third Piano Concerto and a Viola Concerto. Fortunately, a friend of his completed these compositions. Who was this man?
On the Discworld, Death rides a pale horse. What is the name of this horse?
From what film does this clip of music come from and who composed it? (play bit of track 1 from Scent of a Woman CD)
What is the name for underground cave living?
What is the brand name of James Bond's cigarette lighter?
What and where is Illinois's oldest radio station?
Who designed the majority of Barbie's first outfits?
What was the name of the band in the movie "Welcome to the Doll House"?
Who is the proprietor of the Jack Daniels Distillery?
What company owned the stone quarry where Pope John Paul II worked to escape the Nazis?
What famous American originally said, "Damn the torpedoes! Full speed ahead?"
Which composer was thrown in jail for playing his Russian sounding rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner"?
What was the original title of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island?
What was Ronald Regan's street address in 1915 when his family moved to Galesbury?
Who does the Swedish chef refer to as "gobble gobble humunga"?
In David Lynch's film "Lost Highway," both of Patricia Arquette's characters got a job from a character named Andy. Where did they both meet Andy?
Where was the word 'robot' first introduced?
What team was Lawrence's I.M. broomball champion during the 1997-98 school year?
In an episode of the Simpsons, Springfield is ranked 299th among U.S. cities. What city is ranked 300th?
This 1998 sale featured many Dior gowns that had belonged to actress Olivia de Havilland.
In the film "Rembrandt" (1936) what are Rembrandt's last words as the film ends?
Along with Grand Master EU, Trivia Masters Adam and Allison are sexually deprived at the moment. We need 1 or 2 couples from each team to come to the studio and have a MAKE OUT SESSION. Being the voyeurs we are, we will rate you on techniques etc. on a 1-10 basis. Bring any props you want, but understand that the groping and so on must be REAL. No faked porno passion. Hot and Heavy! NO LIE. You have 1 hour. Go!
According to the cartoon movie "The Flight Of Dragons" how do dragons fly?
What is the name of the Klingon delicacy consisting of serpent worms, best served live?
Which four Cubs pitchers have stolen home?
Who played keyboard on the Genesis album, "Nuke"?
Who was the voice of Astro in the Jetsons?
What phrase do the giant letters next to the 2nd microdistrict of Kurgan spell out (in English)?
What are the two oaths of the Junior Woodchucks?
What was the famous Spencer Tracy response (sometimes attributed to Garson Kanin) to Katherine Hepburn when, upon first meeting him she stated, "you're pretty short."?
In William Wegman's Fay's 12 Days of Christmas, the Fay family makes a toast at Christmas Dinner. To what do they toast?
Who first wrote, "I do not trust any Russian. As soon as a Russian worms his way in, all Hell breaks loose."?
What is the name of the fist song to sell a million copies to sheet music?
What company is the largest manufacturer of Ferris Wheels?
In the film "A Christmas Carol" (1938), why was Bob Cratchit fired?
This year trivia is getting religious. We have a patron saint, Cliff and, as always, cult following and worship of trivia masters. Now, we need reliquaries. Create an authentic reliquary worthy of trivia to the con lobby in one hour to be judged by TM Beth, seven points for every average reliquary, eight for ones involving trivia masters past and ten points for reliquaries to trivia masters present. (Don't forget—reliquaries require bits of people, then possessions, etc. Only one per customer, kids.)
What was the first movie based on a TV series?
In the Nintendo game Star Tropics, what is the answer to the game master's question?
What is the most common name in the world?
Who said, "My music is best understood by children and animals"?
What is the name of the girl saved by the Incredible Hulk in the book, The Incredible Hulk: Lost in Time?
What was the name of the nerdy multi-armed student on the cartoon "Galaxy High"?
In TV's M*A*S*H what city, state is Hawkeye from?
Where did LU's own trumpet professor Robert Levy receive his masters degree from?
Which Olympic fames featured a poster that was nearly banned and was deemed acceptable only after concealing ribbons were added? Who was the poster's artist?
What is the state cooking pot of Utah?
Who was Leonard Feather's favorite All-Time Jazz flute soloist?
In the book DUNE, what food disk does the Guild-Banker enjoy?
What is Wallace and Gromit's street address?
What household appliance turned out to be a time machine, sending Homer Simpson back in time millions of years?
What saint served as a privy counselor to Henry VIII?
What was the name of the cab company on "Taxi"?
What brand of beer is on tap at the MacDonald's in Madrid?
What type of computer and printer did Douglas Adams use to write and typeset his book Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency?
What was the first daily comic strip and where was it printed?
What was the name of El Cid's horse?
In the film "The Godfather" Clemenz and Roco murder Pauley. After Roco takes care of business Clemenz gives him two instructions. What were those instructions, word for word?
Who designed the pedestrian bridge between Loring Park and the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis?
In what branch of science did Vladimir Nabokov publish professionally?
Monty Python wrote an ode to Oliver Cromwell. To what tune are these odious verses set?
Where is Dr. Arroway from the film "Contact" originally from?
What protein found in most condoms keeps vegans from using them?
In 1927 Katherine Hepburn was suspended from Bryn Mawr College for what reason?
Believe it or not, Elvis Presley actually graduated from high school. What school was this, and in what year did he complete his schooling?
In the film "Goldfinger" what kind of car does Goldfinger own?
What do Crooky and Batty do after their snowball fight on the 8th day of William Wegman's Fay's 12 Days of Christmas?
Big Bird and Herry Monster from "Sesame Street" have something in common. Grover and Mr. Snuffleupagus are bound by the same commonality. What is this trait?
When in the year 2000 was the earth at perihelion?
Where did Fair Maid Lilliard have her legs cut off in battle?
What bar, next door to the Ford's Theater, did John Wilkes Booth drink whiskey in before shooting President Lincoln?
What is the name of Benito Mussolini's only novel?
In Rushmore, what does it say on Eloise Fisher's grave?
What was the first slasher film to be made by a woman?
Where does Patrick Bateman work in the novel American Psycho?
What's playing in the tape player when Hannibal Lector escapes in the novel The Silence of the Lambs?
What was the name of Ted Bundy's first dog?
Which saint and her eleven thousand handmaidens killed after she refused to marry the king of the Huns?
What saints relics are concealed in the hilt of Durendal, Sir Roland's sword from the Song of Roland?
In the movie "It's A Wonderful Life," what song is used as Clarence's leitmotif?
In the film, "The Time Machine" based on H.G. Wells' novel, to what month, day, and year does David travel?
In a scene in "Fight Club" a movie theater marquee can be seen in the background. What movie title is displayed?
What was the original title of James M. Lain's novel, The Postman Always Rings Twice?
What are the names of Almanzo Wilder's brothers and sisters from the book Farmer Boy?
What unusual event took place in October of 1582?
Name the film and composer that this clip of music came from. (play bit of track 1 from "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" CD)
What pageant was started in Ocean City, New Jersey in 1975 to tweak the Miss America pageant?
In "Future's End," and episode from Star Trek Voyager, what are the three things Tom says the crew will need to pass for locals in 1996 L.A.?
In Ireland, what road sign is used as an equivalent to the American "no passing zone"?
What was the last Rolling Stones album Brian Jones played on?
What's the name of Mile's band in Thomas Pynchon's "The Crying of Lot 49"?
From what two cities did Venice usurp its patron saint, Mark the evangelist?
There is a way to start in the second quest of "The Legend of Zelda" without ever going through the First Quest. How is this accomplished?
According to the Onion, what was Nagasaki bombed?
What was the name the character resembling Homer that was used to plug soap on Japanese TV?
Who was the official biographer of the Medieval ruler Charles V?
What important entertainment event occurred on December 3rd, 1968, at 9 p.m. Eastern Standard Time?
What is, or was, 'black spauld'?
What Scandinavian god is Tuesday named after? (you need the Scandinavian name of the god!)
Who scored the winning basket in the 1972 Olympic gold medal basketball game?
Bring us music. Pick a song and record it onto either a tape or whatever and bring it to the studio. Adam and Allison will rank the songs on a 1-10 basis. You have until 8:45 to get it to the studio.
In the movie "The Fisher King," in what restaurant was Henry's wife murdered?
Who did Bib For Funn hire to transport two Twi'lek dancers from Ryloth to Tatooine?
Who was the lead off hitter for the Milwaukee Braves in the first 5 games of the 1957 World Series?
Before coming to the Muppet Show, Rowlf the dog made his debut where?
A film version of Gilbert n' Sullivan's "Pirates of Penzance" was produced in 1982. On what staging of this show was it based?
Who was the first clansman to dies in the Massacre of Glencoe?
What did the cartoon say in a political cartoon in the June 23 1947 edition of Chicago Daily news front page?
What is the symbol of the organization "Spector" in James Bond?
In the Star Wars parody video HARDWARE WARS, what is written on the wall of the garbage dumpster?
What was the name of the lost Passenger Pigeon?
Who said, "…I worship individuals for their highest possibilities as individuals, and I loathe humanity for its failure to live up to those possibilities"?
What two sculptural reliefs are found at the bottom of the Scala Regia in the Vatican?
According to Fort Worth Texas gas attendant David Stovall, what are the 2 most Asked Questions by customers?
On what album can you find the song "Nanook pulls IT."
What is the license plate number of the Blues Mobile in "The Blues Brothers"?
Who hit cleanup for the New York Yankees in the 1926 World Series?
What two mythoi were removed from TSR's Deities and Demigods after the first printing?
From what film does this clip of music come from and during what scene is it played? (play track 9, 1' 25"-2' from Edward Scissorhands CD)
According to Bernard Herumann, what must every composer do?
In the really bad movie HOT POTATO, what is the character "Roly-Poly's" catch phrase?
Who is Countess Bathory and what is she to women's cinema?
What gift did the narrator receive from Santa in The Polar Express?
What was the first literary magazine to sponsor the writing of early Beats?
What is the motto of the burger joint in the movie Better Off Dead?
What is the nickname of the droid WED-91-M1?
What was the name of the controversial party fashion designer Paul Poiret gave to celebrate his new line?
What is the name of the establishment that houses the famous Suicide Table? (note: Suicide Table = famous high stakes card table of the Old West)
What was the title of the Mamas and the Papas final recording?
Who did the 'Rachel' rescue in Moby Dick?
What is the title of the episode of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" in which Bob Newhart plays Gerald Swiney?
Who narrates the promotional video for New Comisky Park?
In Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams, what attribute ranks number 79 among the top 100 character attributes of New Yorkers?
What is my favorite color?
What species of bird is HATA MARI?
What team won the Super Bowl in 1997?
In The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales, the tortoise had to run faster than what?
Which muppet's first name is Aloysius?
Where is the largest carousel in the world?
Who helped the Rolling Stones write their first big hit "I Wanna be your Man?"
In the film "The Day the Earth Stood Still" what did Klaatu (Michael Rennie) ask Helen (Patricia Nea) to tell Gort?
Which saint repeatedly admonished the Loch Ness monster in the sixth century?
Send as many team members as you can to meet Trivia Masters Curtis and Anan in front of the Rec Center.Off Only
What does the pig say to God in the poem "The Sultan Murad"?
From what film does this sound effect come from? (play selection 10 from tape)
For what crop is the pesticide pronamide mainly used?
Where did the Grinch take all the stolen Christmas crap before returning to Who- Ville?
In the film "Flight of the Phoenix" (1966) what does the pilot record as the cause for the plane crash?
What is the name of the shop that Marsellus Wallace walks out of just before spotting Butch in the original "Pulp Fiction" screenplay?
The same pair of cowboy boots with four aces on the stems appears in two westerns. What are their names?
In I dream of Jeanie what is the make and model of car that Tony drives?
Who was in charge of the case of the Cleveland Torso Killer?
What was the name of the summer estate where Vladimir Nabokov's family lived during his childhood?
What instrument did the lead character play in Never Cry Wolf?
What is "Second Prize's" real name in "Trainspotting?"
What skill would automatically disqualify applicants for janitorial jobs at the Alamogordo atomic labs during the development of the a-bomb?
Who is the only American buried at the Kremlin?
What advice did Dr. Irving S. Cutter give in his daily column on July 12, 1941 in the Chicago Tribune?
What kind of guitar (manufacturer and model) does John Lennon play on the Beatles' song "When I'm Sixty-Four"?
What, according to C-3PO, is the approximate chance of successfully navigating the asteroid field?
What is the title of the Mexican version of "The Birds"?
What movie plays at the Pantages movie theater throughout the whole the of the movie L.A. Confidential?
Who was the first Cubs player to hit for the cycle?
To whom did Beethoven write, "never come near me again! You are a faithless cur, and may the hangman take all faithless curs!"?
Who was Picasso's first model?
Where was the 1984 International Double Reed conference held?
What was the first play Nixon saw after his election defeat in 1960?
Who was the Kansas City Royal's top prospect in 1993?
In Star Wars what is the id number of the storm trooper from whom Luke steals a uniform?
What group was legendary jazzman Eric Dolphy playing with in 1958?
What water Pokémon always suffers from a headache?
Who was the first non-British footballer to play for a Scottish side?
What was bank robber Harvey Bailey doing when he was arrested by the FBI?
What is the famous novel was inspired by a confectioner's display window of marzipan pigs and Mickey Mouse cakes?
In the Simpsons episode where Homer is accused of sexual harassment, why is he accused of sexual harassment?
On the inside of his album, from the 1971 Fillmore East concert, what does Frank Zappa advertise?
In the parody video TROOPS, what famous TV droid have the Jawas stolen?
What is the name of Picasso's so-called "fruit woman"?
In the Christmas pageant on the Dec. 1991 broadcast of "A Prairie Home Companion," what was the name of the inn that Mary and Joseph tried to get into?
In the film, "Jacob's Ladder" there is a scene of Tim Robbins sitting in a subway train, he's just woken up. On his lap is a book that he has been reading. What is the book and its author?
What downtown Chicago club features drag queens Monica Monroe and Chili Pepper?
What Babylonian god was master of Hell?
Who was the US Ladies Curling Champion in 1982?
In the film, "From Russia with Love," what does James Bond order for breakfast? Be specific.
What were the first spoken lines of the first episode of Sesame Street?
Who wrote the lead essay in The New England Current on April 16, 1722?
What is the make, model, and year of Cameron's dad's car borrowed by Ferris and his friends in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"?
Who lead the National League in triples in 1913?
What does the Onion refer to the years between 1946-1963 as?
In A Moveable Feast, Hemmingway describes a horse which his wife bet on. The horse was winning, then fell right before the finish and lost. What was its name?
Who was the last man to shake hands with Robert Kennedy?
What is the favorite wine of Alice B. Toklas?
In the parody video TROOPS, what is the state trooper captain's name?
What is the name for the hybrid of wheat and rye?
The publication of what work saved Dostoyevsky from financial ruin after the death of his wife?
In 1964 the Rolling Stones were mobbed by a group of screaming girls who tore a door off of their car. What car was it?
What was the first novel printed in the United States?
Who is the only baseball player the Grateful Dead have sung about?
Who else is buried in Grant's tomb?
Who is the person who inspired Picasso's blue period?
In Norse mythology, who is the god of poetry?
For what student of his did composer Domenico Scarlatti write over 500 harpsichord sonatas?
What was the name of the first company owned by Walt Disney?
In the movie, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, where is the hideout of the foot clan located?
What are "moonaggies?"
What Aztec god was the ancient god of fire?
In section 14.5.4 of the Usav rule book, what fault is discussed?
In the Star Wars parody video HARDWARE WARS, what is the name of the WOOKIE- MONSTER?
In a 1950's New York Times article entitled "Men are the Best Cooks" what woman admitted that her husband was a better cook than her?
Who was the first Australian born commercial oboe maker?
What book was turned down for publishing by Macmillan who's comment was, "the author does not understand socialism"?
What's "Sick Boy's" real name in the novel "Trainspotting"?
What town in Illinois was founded by stealing the US Post office from the neighboring city?
In Buenos Aires' Teatro Colón, where are the musicians located who play parts that are marked antiphonal or offstage?
What was the only US battleship not named after a state?
Who plays the character Red Savage in the movie Waiting for Guffman?
What LP was originally airbrushed out in the album cover for umaguma?
What was Harry Bailey's wife's maiden name in the film "It's a Wonderful Life"?
In the film "Zulu" what do the Zulu warriors chant to scare the British soldiers?
In the Simpsons episode "Flaming Moe's" what is the secret ingredient to the drink, "Flaming Moe"?
How did the town of Aledo, Illinois get its name?
What pitcher did Cubs legend Gabby Hartnett hit the most home runs against?
What was the name of the first circus and where did it take place?
What is special about Nam June Paik's composition opera Sextronique?
What's Lorraine's phone number in the movie "Swingers"?
What is all the narrator in Frank Zappa's "Who Needs the Peace Corps?" going to buy when he gets to San Francisco?
Who was the first mayor of Roquemaure, Quebec?
At Brookstone in the Galleria Mall in St. Louis, MO there is a picture of the manager's son hanging in the back room. What does it say on his baseball cap?
In what film can Alavic Rocha's Mom be seen in the background? Note: I've warned my family they will not tell you. If you call them I will kill you!
In the movie, The World Is Not Enough, what work of contemporary sculpture appears in the beginning chase scene? (name of the sculpture and artist)
Go to the Wind Ensemble concert. After the concert locate the 4th horn player on the F. David Nonetto and shake his hand. For every team representative you send to find said horn player, your team will get a point—10 pt. limit (the concert’s at 8 pm on the 20th).
What U.S. President was born in Canada
What was the first play produced by the Mercury Theater?
In what city did Chris Benoit wrestle his first WWF house show?
What is St. Francis of Assisi the patron saint of?
In the city of Metropolis, IL there stands a giant statue of Superman. To the statue’s right is an engraving of the dedication prayer that was given at the dedication ceremony for this behemoth. Who gave this speech, and on what date was it delivered?
What is the name and official title of the man to whom Franz Josef Haydn’s op. 33 string quartets are dedicated?
What was the name of the rancor’s first victim in “Return of the Jedi”?
What two 1st basemen were tied for the lead in fielding percentage in the American League at the end of the 1987 season with .993?
What Lawrence professor attended the 2000 Nobel Peace Prize Award dinner?
What Daniel Clowes comic was made into a movie for release in 2001?
What is the nickname of Chewbaca’s father?
Who first proposed the “electron cooling” method of reducing random motion in anti-proton beams?
What author has served as director of the Argenline National Library?
In the movie “Brazil” what is Archibald Buttle’s address?
What are the first words spoken in the Pinky and the Brain episode “Where Rodents Dare”?
In the movie “High Strung,” what is Thorne’s complaint about watermelon popsicles?
What notable fashion trend in 1750 so became a problem that architects designed new, wider stairways to accommodate the wearer?
What is the Chinese word for “reporter”? (in English letters)
To what Burmese opposition leader is U2’s song “Walk On” dedicated?
What two-word epitaph adorns Claude Debussy’s tombstone?
What characteristically Russian tactic was used by Soviet submarine captains to make sure American submarines weren’t following too closely? The US Navy coined the term for this, maneuver.
In Herman Hesse's "Siddhartha," who was Siddhartha's friend who "loved him more than anybody else"?
In "the Simpsons," what is Cletus the slack jawed yokel's last name?
What was Aquaman’s first official act when he became ruler of Atlantis?
In the 1982 film version of Gilbert and Sullivan’s “The Pirates of Penzance,” what is the Pirate King’s muttered comment after General Stanley’s entrance song?
On January 19th, 1915 the neon tube used for advertisements was patented by whom?
William Henry Harrison's two hour inaugural address gave him a sickness that killed him a month later. What topic did he elect to speak about rather than current events?
In Gary Larson’s book There’s a Hair in my Dirt, the first time a bear in seen with a “Field Guide to Humans,” the descriptions for five different kinds of humans are visible. What are these five?
What Canadian Provincial Park includes Butt Lake and Crotch Lake?
What is the second of Stephen R. Covey’s 7 Habits of Highly Effective People?
What, according to Frank Zappa, is the ugliest part of your body?
Who named the Lower Esophageal Sphincter
Who is the inventor of the Toot Trapper, and under what name is it currently marketed?
What is the Köchel number of Mozart's song, "Lick my Ass"?
Who is the manager of the official Scrotum Fan club (the band)?
What was the name of the porn movie in which Marlo Smefner accidentally participated?
This percussionist recorded a PBS special with John Tesh. Her name is also defined by the American Heritage Dictionary as "a condition marked by black, tarry stool or vomit composed largely of blood that has been acted on by gastric juices, resulting from a hemorrhage along the digestive tract."
The penises of what three animals are traditionally used in the preparation of the famed Three Penis Wine?
What creature is the subject of A.D. Hope's poem, "The Kings"?
On the application for active membership in the Church of Satan, what is question 30 in the second part of the form?
What is the title of the sex ed film shown in the episode of "The Simpsons" originally aired on May 7, 1992?
What American play includes the line, "A fart on Thomas Putnam!"?
In the agricultural world, what supposedly takes 3 months, 3 weeks, and 3 days?
Who was the first baseball player to use a donut bat weight?
What new French word did Brigette Bardot inspire?
Fr. Morgan, CO is a smelly town. What three industries contribute to that smell?
When Maya Angelou attends book signings and other events, she insists on the event's sponsors providing her with what alcohol?
What sport involved racers laying on their stomach’s on sleds and speeding down a bobsled track headfirst?
Who had the second most saves in the National League with 1 in 1881?
What was the earliest meeting of Superman and Aquaman (age-wise) in the DC Universe (which comic and number)?
What’s the name of the pawn shop in “Pulp Fiction”?
Who were the only two Western authors whose works were not censored in Soviet Russia?
Which saint is credited with raising Saint Mungo?
From what literary work does the cliché “fools rush in where angels fear to tread”?
What actress's skeleton did Chloe remind the film "Fight Club"'s narrator of?
Music ID: Composer, Piece, Movement
On the recording "Elis & Tom" what composer composed all of the tunes?
What city does the bank examiner in "It's A Wonderful Life" live in?
What was unusual about the days October 5-14, 1582?
What building is on the back of a recent $100 bill?
Who composed the Broadway musical, "So Long 174th Street" and what 1970's sitcom did this person executive produce?
What four states voted neither Republican nor Democrat in the 1948 Presidential Election?
What famous man's diary supplies a detailed portrait of upper-class life in Restoration London?
What movie was showing in the theater that Lee Harvey Oswald tried to hide in?
In what recent magazine article does the author call for the indictment of Henry Kissinger as a war criminal?
What's the name for the water way between Victoria Island and Ross Island?
Lawrence University was founded in 1847. If you ate 1,847 Burger King whoppers with cheese, how many calories will you have consumed?
What was the title of the first Star Trek: the Animated series shown on Sept. 8, 1973?
In the Monty Python sketch that introduces the "Sephamore Version of Wuthering Heights" and the "Aldis Lamp Version of Julius Caesar," there also mention of a smoke signal version of what show?
What is the only professional American orchestra to have performed at the Salk Ste. Cecille at the Ecole Ste. Trinité in Port-au- Prince, Haiti?
Name all of the enemies that have so-called “Ring Leaders” in “The Legend of Zelda”?
Name the film that this clip of music came from and the composer who wrote it. (Play bit of track 2 from “Jacob’s Ladder.”)
In Madison Wisconsin Badger Cab cab driver Jarson, what is the name for the Burger King at the corner of University Ave. and Lake St.
What is the longest acronym to date and what does it stand for?
What is the name of the Italian restaurant on Broadway neat the corner of 110th St. in NY that has live opera singers every Wed., Fri., and Sat. nights?
Name the composer and title of this song (play bit of track 1 from Danny Elfman-solo-CD)
Violinist Midori has two dogs. What two historical figures are their namesakes?
What is the one true reason that Sean Connery appears at the end of "Time Bandits"?
Who was Andy Van Slyke commenting on when he said: "If everyone were like him, I wouldn't play, I'd find a safer way to make a living."?
Who was Lyndon Johnson's Secretary of State?
Who won the 1996 Harvey Award for Best New Talent?
What two books were the first to propose counting systems in the game of Blackjack?
What dictator has thirty variations on the spelling of his name, according to the Library of Congress?
What pope reportedly prayed to Roman gods for luck in gambling?
Franz Schubert wrote two chamber works which steal both their title and a theme from one of Schubert's songs. Name them.
In the film "Taxi Driver" at one point the composer purposely inserts a musical theme from what other film?
What is the Hindu name of the practice in which a widow is sacrificed on the funeral pyre of her husband?
When Frances Ford Coppola wanted Al Pacino to play the role of Michael Corleone in "The Godfather" they were reluctant to do so; why?
How were the filmmakers of "Time Bandits" able to afford a second shooting of the Agamemnon/Minotaur fight scene?
What should someone traditionally get for a 6th wedding anniversary?
Who was Japan's first woman film director
The organ in St. James church in London was brought from what palace?
What is NSA Agent Sokol's phone extension in "Rules of Engagement"?
Who was the youngest player to ever play for the Chicago professional baseball team?
Who are the only two major league pitchers to lead their league in win percentage three years in a row?
What book did novelist Robert Bloch list as the 6th greatest Horror-Fantasy novel in 1980?
Where is Scotland's only Buddhist temple?
What fictional character wrote The Necronomicon?
What is the first and last name of the person who originally choreographed Claude Debussey's "Prélude à 'L'après-midi d'un faune'"?
When was the first bell tower of the Temple Suy Vada Família finished?
English born comedian Leslie Downes became an American citizen on Dec. 20th, 1920. What did he change his name to?
In the Blink182 music video "Man Overboard," what band is opening for them on the marquis?
What is Wang Lung's wife's name in the novel The Good Earth?
What is the only current U.S. Postal Service Route which delivers mail by mule?
What is the first and last name of Chuck Noland's dentist in the movie "Cast Away"?
In Madison, WI cab driver jargon, what is the name for the area near the intersection of Speedway Rd. and Regent St.?
What is the picture of Colleen Haskell that is taped on Trivia Master Jake's dorm room door saying? Come to the radio station and tell Jake the answer in person.
Where did Roland, the Headless Thomson Gunner find the man who shot him, and what was he doing?
Who was the first Cub to receive a vote for the Cy Young award?
What film is advertised on the back cover of the October 2000 issue of Variety Magazine?
In Isabel Allende’s The House of the Spirits, Jean de Satigny spends a significant portions of his wedding night reading what book (title and author)
Who is Bob the Angry Flower's physician?
According to Ian Christie, what figure of comparison does Terry Gilliam evoke?
A poster of what sports figure hangs behind Fred Savage's character in the movie "The Princess Bride"?
What ex-girlfriend of Archie "the Mongoose" Moore was part of a landmark Supreme Court case?
In the film "The Outlaw Josey Wales," what is the mixture that the old woman gives Josey for the kid's wound?
What was the first national TV program to be seen on video tape instead of live?
In the film "Soylent Green," what music is playing in the background as Edward G. Robbinson dies?
Who does the band Pavement thank on the inside Cover of "Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain"?
Who made the first solo balloon crossing of the Atlantic?
Who nicknamed Joseph Francis Keaton "Buster"?
What is the official grass of Texas?
What high school did Staunton High School of Staunton, IL defeat 233-0 in football on Nov. 23, 1923?
What baseball team did Gerald Perry play for in 1988 and how many at-bats did he have?
What Jazz musician was murdered by his girlfriend while performing on stage (disputed that he wasn't on stage when shot)?
If you count letters as roman numerals, which word in the American language has the highest value?
What famous St. Louisan's star is on the North- West corner of Delmar and Leland in St. Louis, Missouri?
Who’s tombstone says only, “Here lies one who name was writ in water”?
In 1894, French army officer Alfred Dreyfus was falsely convicted of treason. Who really did it?
What, according to James Bond, killed the last two Ealers Flycatchers? (they’re birds)
What did Levi Strauss originally sell his canvas for?
What is Gilderoy Lockhart's favorite color?
Near the end of the rather trippy Beatles' song "I am the Walrus," there is a chorus of six girls and six boys. The girls are singing the lyrics, "Everybody's got one." What lyrics are the boys singing?
What is the frame number of the stolen bicycle in "The Bicycle Thief" ("Ladri di Biciclette")?
Upon first displaying his new invention, Roller Skates, Joseph Melon injured himself quite severely. How did he injure himself and why?
At the restaurant Blueberry Hill in St. Louis, MO, what number on the jukebox is the Fats Domino song of the same name (Blueberry Hill)?
¿Qién es el autor que escribó la novela que contiene ésta cita: «Ningún loco está loco si uno se conforme con sus propias razones»?
Whose thigh told only froths on the highly offensive trivia weekend 2001 poster?
What was Celine Dion's nickname in high school?
In the pro-acid LSD pamphlet “Acid: LSD Today,” what does the second heading say?
What “land” contains the Jason Peninsula, the Joerg Peninsula, and Arthur Harbor (must be specific).
What Chicago-are band, which shares its name with a type of fish, has a member who regularly shows her paintings at Diane Seacrest Gallery?
What TV show pilot is depicted in this picture?
Who was the Headmaster of the Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1952-53 school year?
Who created the motto “all the news that’s fit to print” and to what newspaper was he referring?
Who led the Canadian Rugby Union in passing in 1953?
When Spike Nolan’s best friend becomes a millionaire in “Breustors Millions,” what does Spike buy to where around his neck?
In 1626 hunters killed the last of this domesticated animal, once popular in Poland. What is the name of the animal, and what is its ancestor?
Who said “America was where all out music came from and there was the magical thought of going there with all the radio stations and being able to afford all the records you wanted” (name and band)?
In 1849, after James K. Polk stepped down from his office, this man stepped into the Presidency for a day before Zachary Taylor was sworn in. Who was this guy?
Former Detroit Lion Barry Sanders and his new bride had their first dance to what song after the wedding?
Elvis Presley was not just a good ol’-fashioned entertainer, he was a man of many interests, and among these was martial arts. In his karate training, what two animals did he identify with?
Who was the first President of the United States elected under the Articles of Confederation in 1781? And its not Washington.
In the Beatle’s song “Piggies,” the line “What they need is a damn good whacking” wasn’t actually written by one of the Beatles. Who wrote it?
In the Goosebumps books, what is the name of Evan’s Aunt in Monster Blood?
Who and how does the Gotham Christmas tree get relit in “Batman Returns”?
What activity do the Martians engage in in “Mars Attacks!” on Easter Island?
What did Oyster Boy go as for Halloween?
What is Tim Burton’s character’s profession in the film “Singles”?
In the world of “Beetlejuice”, what is the fate for those who commit suicide?
Who designed the type in Tim Burton’s The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and Other Stories? And in what year?
What does Pee-Wee get Mickey from the concession stand at the end of “Pee-Wee’s Big Adventure”?
Please help show your support for the TriviaMasters who have been exiled to play in the Wind Ensemble concert! How? 2 words: BODY PAINT! One point for each letter (max. 10). Trivia Master Allison will be there to check it out!Off Campus
In Tim Burton’s story Mummy Boy, who or what was in the park where he took his dog for a walk?
Why was the Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus never aired on TV?
Who took their last drink on June 10, 1935?
Page 449 in what AA groups fondly call “The Big Book,” the book of Alcoholics Anonymous, has become synonymous with what word?
What does Space Moose keep in the trunk of his car for self-defense?
What is the first name of Kelly Frear’s daughter in the movie “Cast Away”?
In The Hitch Hiker Radio program, how many Lintilla clones are there?
Who said; “Rock & Roll is instant coffee”?
Who is the only character ever featured on “The Simpsons” with five fingers on each hand (not counting Regis and Kathy Lee’s appearance, because they’re not cartoons, or when Homer hallucinated that Bart and Lisa had 5 fingers on each hand).
Who discovered and collected the footage for the GHV film, “Nepolean.”
Name the composer and film that this clip of music comes from (play bit of track 2 from “Antarctica” CD).
Name the film that this clip of music comes from (play Track 10 from the “Red Violin” CD).
What is the population of Shermer, IL in “Weird Science”?
What compound of Titanium is found in many processed sugary snacks?
What song contains the line; “You thought you’d take me by surprise, but now I’m here, burning down your house”?
Trivia Master Allison and her friends Andrew Kane and TM Jake Cox crave beer. Meet them in the VR. Bring cigarettes (lots of them), cash, and musical instruments. If you’re under 21, go to the VR anyway and await orders. Bring all the same materials. Send as many people as possible—the more people, the more points. Bring also a tape recorder, a blank tape and be ready to…well, you’ll see. T & A in the USA! ♥ Allison.
After Mandarin Chinese and English, what 3 languages have the next highest numbers of native speakers?
In Pat Murphy’s The City, Not Long After, the Golden Gate Bridge is painted blue. What creature finishes the painting?
Who is the largest provider of scholarships for women in the country?
In what wing of what airport is Bono running around in U2’s music video for “Beautiful Day”?
How does Susan pass the time in Xanadu in “Citizen Kane”?
Where is the world’s smallest army located?
Mahler’s first symphony and William Sisson’s “The Hound of the Baskervilles” both feature the same folk melody, altered in an important way. What is the tune’s title, and how is it changed?
On Day 26 of the TV show “Survivor,” who won the rewards challenge and what was the prize?
Who is the bassist for the band Cibo Mattu?
In the Harry Potter series, what is the House of Gryffindor’s final score at the end of Harry’s first year of school?
What is the name of Jean Harlow’s only novel?
Somewhere on campus, the Committee is playing. Find them and tell us what kind of watch Dylan the Guitarist is wearing. 1st team gets 10 pts, 2nd team gets 5pts, and 3rd team gets 1 pt. (Meet Phred at the studio entrance, they have 30 minutes).
Where does Harry Potter first meet Professor Quirrell?
In 1950, the word “nerd” became part of the long list of American colloquialisms because of what book and what author?
What is the name of the central panel in Michelangelo’s painting of the Sistine Chapel?
Who was Forbes Magazine’s no. 1 Entertainer Of The Year in 1989
What was George Enescu’s favorite piece of music that he wrote?
For what purpose did Lotle Reiniger design her own multiplane camera?
Which saint arrived in Galloway, Scotland in AD 397?
Who did sports writer Geoff Beckham call the 3rd best left hander in baseball in 1987, after John Tudor and Jimmy Key?
From what novel is this quote from: “If a hen and a half can lay an egg and a half in a day and a half, how long will it take a monkey with a wooden leg to kick the seeds out of a dill pickle?”
In The Phantom Tollbooth, what were the names of the two princesses adopted by King Azaz?
Who drew the cover graphic for Edward R. Tufte’s book, The Visual Display of Quantitative Information?
In Suzuki violin methodology, what is the first piece a student learns that does not begin on the downbeat of a measure?
What is the goal of the Church of the Subgenius?
Who once referred to Johannes Brahms as, “A giftless bastard…[whose] self-inflated mediocrity is hailed as genius…Brahms is chaotic and absolutely empty dried-up stuff”?
In Gary Larson’s book There’s a Hair in my Dirt, the father worm, as he tells his story, describes the beautiful young maiden Harriet as being as excited as what?
Who said of the first dictionary that it “seems to reproach mankind’s brief life span”?
Who swallowed a sword at St. John’s Hall in New York City in 1812?
Who was the starting pitcher for the visiting team at the polo grounds on June 2, 1949?
What poet wrote under the “heteronyms” Ricardo Reis, Alvaro de Campos, and Alberto Caeiro?
What activity would stun the Tingler in the movie “The Tingler”?
What is the monetary unit of Guatemala?
Who was in the first match on the first RAW is war?
What nationalities were Captain Morgan’s parents?
What was the original title of the Beatle’s song “It’s Only Love”?
What is the apparatus swimmers at the US Olympic Trawing Center use to analyze their stroke?
What book includes the characters M’Turk and Beetle and who is the author?
Excluding the Apocrypha, only one name begins with the letter Q in the King James Bible. Who’s name is it?
Who was the first woman to run for president, and in what year did she do so?
Who was the first and only human to approach supersonic speed without the assistance of an engine?
According to the film, “The Moulin Rouge,” Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec would drink in order to ease the pain in his legs. What would he drink and where would be keep the drink?
Which city in Alabama has a monument to a bug?
At what attainable temperature do Celsius and Fahrenheit meet?
Why were people concerned about Mary Mallon in 1907?
How many bricks are in the Empire State Building?
What well-known character did Mexican actress Maria Velasco create?
What kind of tarantulas were used in the film “The Incredible Shrinking Man”?
What was the headline on the front page of the Minneapolis Star Tribune the day after the Twins won the World Series in 1991?
Who once said; “My music is not modern, it is merely badly played”?
What was the largest tank during WWII?
What is the name of the Nebraska baseball team in the card series Dinosaurs Hack?
When Wilson defeated Taft in 1916, the Electoral College vote was 435 to 8, a 427 vote difference. What was the difference in the popular vote?
When Joshua Bell most recently performed at Lawrence, who was his accompanist?
Which composer was a rampant pedophile, wrote a piece for voice and flatulence, and hated Italians, and died after impaling his foot with a cane while conducting?
Which is the only university in the world to offer a Bachelor of Performance degree in the bagpipes?
On “Beverly Hills 90210,” what was the name of Donna’s clothing line?
Who ruled Lagash during the period of Guti control of Sumeria?
What former Samurai wrote his first haiku in 1679?
At the London premier of “When Brendan Met Trudy,” Brendan (Peter McDonald) was asked by an audience member “how did you play the character so quiet and weedy?” What was his answer?
What is Pee Wee’s first wish from Jambi in the Pee Wee Christmas special?
What artist created a larger than life-size sculpture of a woman that the viewers could enter by walking through an entry-way between the legs?
What notable religious activity involving the Pope takes place in Rome on Good Friday?
According to the trading card series, what caused the extinction of the dinosaurs?
Supply the playwright and play’s title from which this line comes: “I was adored too, once.”
What is Captain James T. Kirk’s middle name?
If the wind is blowing at 36 knots, what force is it?
In Jonathon Swift’s “The Bickerstaff Paper’s” Bickerstaff proves Mr. Partridge’s death in several ways. Name the second and third points that Swift uses to prove Partridge’s death.
Who built the first electron microscope in 1931?
On the cover of the Jethro Tull record album “Thick as a Brick,” what does the sub-headline say?
What groups stayed behind to fly snowspeeds on Hoth, according to the Rebel Officer?
What is the name of the scarlet-clad woman in Spenser’s The Fairy Queen who is meant to symbolize the Catholic church?
In What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day by Pearl Cleage, what is Joyce Mitchell’s daughter’s name, and what does it mean in Swahili?
Where does the book Zaannan: The Dream of Delosar take place?
Guinness sponsors a national championship of what sport in Ireland each year?
What was the first year the British monarchy possessed a Christmas tree?
According to Bob the Angry Flower, what are the natural enemies of robots?
What bowl-winning quarterback from this past college football season graduated from the same high school as Trivia Master Jake?
What animal, living or dead, had the largest eyes?
Who made the Jabberwocky monster for the film “Jabberwocky”?
To what landmark do the kids in David Wiesner’s book Sector 7 travel?
What composer authored a pamphlet entitled The Amount to Carry?
At the end of the Arcade game “Golden Axe,” what game are the kids in the arcade playing (hint: it’s not Golden Axe)?
What two “Evil Doers” from the first line of The Tick collectible figures have inanimate objects for heads?
What code names did Jack Duluoz plan to use when he called Lorenzo Monsanto in Jack Kerouac’s Big Sur?
Which 19th century literary critic was nicknamed “the Scorpion”?
In Kurt Vonnegut Jr.’s Breakfast of Champions, what character has the shortest and widest penis?
What was the name of Edgar Allen Poe’s cat?
Who is credited with coining the term “Generation X”?
What is the name of the 17th century work that satirizes the intrigues of the Earl of Shaftesbury and who is the author?
What is the name of the planet where Jack Napier becomes the Joker in the movie “Batman”?
In order to keep him happy, what did the crew of “The Saint” have to do for Val Kilmer (it was in his contract)?
Every year Grand Bay, Alabama has a festival celebrating a certain fruit. What is the name of the festival?
What is the oldest marker in the marker in the DeSoto caverns?
At what university is the Lawrence University Varsity Fencing right now?
What cartoon characters appear on Chris Knight’s first pair of slippers in the movie “Real Genius”?
What jazz artist starred in an Australian movie, released in 1992, about the journey of a man from Western Australia to Paris to meet his idol?
What city and state contained David Letterman's first home office?
In what city does Cthullu live?
In the movie “The Princess Bride,” it is revealed that Wesley had been working as the Dread Pirate Roberts for a number of years, though his name isn’t Roberts. His predecessor, too, wasn’t Roberts, but rather a man named Ryan. What was the actual name of Ryan’s predecessor?
In alchemy, what element represents the Holy Spirit?
What 3 glaciers surround the Hutton Mountains on three sides?
Who is the ex-sign painter who made a name for himself in the 60’s by making pictures of pastries?
According to Men’s Fitness Magazine, what city is currently ranked 11th as the Fattest City in America?
Who made the earliest known use of the word “mileage”?
In the Monty Python sketch “The Funniest Joke In The World,” who is the author of said joke?
Which three Cubs pitchers have managed three putouts in one inning?
In the film “Time Bandits,” what scene was dropped between the giant and the Fortress of Ultimate Darkness?
In the 10th edition of the Boy Scouts of America Handbook, what animal print is on the bottom right of page 280?
What no longer used word from the 19th century means “to cackle”?
Who was first approached to play the title role on “Ally McBeal”?
At the end of the arcade game “Golden Axe,” what does the billboard next to the arcade say?
What word is “typed” on the screen when Charles Foster-Kane finishes Jedediah Leland’s dramatic notice?
What are Albus Dumbledore’s two hobbies, as listed on his Chocolate Frog collector’s card?
How many people does Dr. Leroy Perry’s International Sports Medicine Institute allow to become members?
In what city and in what year did Chopin give his first concert?
According to the Kama Sutra what is the Fourth Movement called?
What one way street is shown on the cover of the Beastie Boys “Paul’s Boutique” album?
What pope became the first pope since the Reformation to admit that Catholicism needed reform?
What important event happened to composer Bedřich Smetana in 1874?
What was Leonardo DeCaprio’s nickname in high school?
In the Santería religion, what is the name of the oricha associated with fatherly wisdom?
What did Antoni Gaudi i Covnet say the father of geometry was?
Whose idea was it to end “Time Bandits” with Kevin’s parents blowing up?
In the Tour de France 1999, during Stage 10, which finished at the Alpe d’Huez, which rider was knocked off his bicycle before winning the stage, and what was the name of the spectator who knocked the Italian over?
Who was the 1983-84 winner of the Whitman Choral Cup Competition?
Who was the principle harp player of the Prague Philharmonic from 1924 to 1938?
What duo wrote the song “Taylor the Latte Boy”?
Who won the Howdy Doody look-alike contest in 1950 and where did he live?
What is the final quote of Trivia Master Phred’s essay in the book Fresh Ink, Student Writing from Rural Oregon?
What was the primary instrument of the librettist of the first publicly performed opera?
What was the number of the London Underground train the Hagrid and Harry take to Diagon Alley in the downtown Minneapolis Dayton’s Harry Potter Display?
At Dean Lea, the recording studio of “Chicken Run,” there is a Ginger poster (Ginger from “Chicken Run”) signed by the creator Nick Park. How is it signed?
If the longest home run ever hit at Wrigley Field had gone three more feet who’s television would have been destroyed?
Who drove in the winning runs in the Busch baseball tournament Championship game in Madison, WI?
For what was Kleenex first manufactured?
When Joan Jett sued Playboy for publishing nude photos of a look-a-like, why was the case dropped?
Pangaea broke up and formed what two land masses?
“although he seems so firm to us,” who is “merely flesh and blood”?
What is the driving force in Daily Show correspondent Mo Rocca’s life?
Which famous basketball player obsessed with UFO’s and karate died at age 40?
Visitors to Israel will discover that hotels there are providing a new amenity. Israel’s tourism ministry recently distributed 10,000 of what to hotels nationwide?
(Note, we’re looking for their real names, not the TV names) If the people on the three collectible covers of TV Guide from December 28, 2002, got married and hyphenated their last name, what would it be?
The industrial blue Westminster vacuum cleaners were manufactured in what country?
What was the name of the plane flown by the WWII fighter pilot for whom the terminal at Gowen field is named?
What city boasts the world’s oldest working trolley line?
In the Bus of the Undead, what reason does Meatwad give Shake to do what he said?
What were the original colors offered by Crayola in 1903?
Beginning last year and continuing into 2003, two Irishmen were trying to cross what being pulled by kites?
Who tackled Marvin Harrison after he broke the record for most receptions in a season?
According to Homer Simpson’s Dozen- Donut-A-Day Diet, what kind of donuts should you eat on Mondays?
In the cartoon series Family Guy, what does the news anchor confuse the weather mime’s pantomime with?
The epitaph for the book The Great Gatsby is a quote by Thomas Parke D’Invilliers. Thomas Parks D’Invilliers is the pen name of what author?
If you are dying an desperately need some saturated fat to live and all you have is a Snicker’s Bar and some Morrell Snow Cap Lard, and you find out you need as much saturated fat as is in a Snicker’s bar, but then remember you are allergic to peanuts, how much Lard do you eat?
What was the name of the boat of Captain Swain in the movie, “The Adventures of Bullwhip Griffin?”
What nation saw the number of its ostrich farms increase to 1,770 during the mad cow scare?
On Futurama, What is Aleazar’s subject in his email to Leela?
In Mongolia, what is the only known deer stone with a human face?
Emo kids have it rough. A random passerby told an emo-loving college student in Michigan that “you look like you haven’t got laid in awhile.” Then he tired to get emo-boy’s signature on a petition. Who is the emo kid (first and last name), and what is his idea for a brand of pretzel?
What was the one object worn by Get Up Kids keyboardist James DeWees when he streaked through a McDonald’s?
A few years ago, singer/songwriter extraordinaire Elliott Smith was committed to a mental hospital for a short time. How did he convince his doctors to let him out?
What is the title of the last song that HUM wrote before they broke up in 2001?
What was the name of Hey Mercedes drummer Damon Atkinson’s first band, which formed when he was 12?
What is the name of Washington D.C. band The Dismemberment Plan’s now-deceased touring van?
Which band is featured on the cover of issue 9 of the magazine The Big Takeover?
Who accused Intel of copying the layout of his farm in the design of their Pentium chips?
“TTL” is an abbreviation for what photographing term?
Make a tribute to the two Nicks using the elements Earth, Wind, Water, and Fire… remember kids, gasoline is not an element. Present your tribute outside of the station at 3:00 am.
John Bogle is a student at Lawrence. John Bogle is also the founder and former chairman of what monolithic investment company?
What was the slogan for Hai Karate aftershave?
Madrona Market’s Captain’s Corn Chowder is distributed by what company based in Seattle, Washington?
In ancient mythology, the Amazons would do what so they might more easily draw a bow?
What is Tarzan’s title?
Name the founder of the “Studio für Fotografik” in Frankfurt, Germany.
What is the 13th hole of the Augusta National Golf Club named?
In the film The Big Lebowski, when the dude gets arrested in Malibu, what is his only form of identification?
What Elmer Fudd cartoon featured the fattest Fudd?
What key is Ben Folds’ “Rockin’ the Subarbs” written in?
What did Paul Simon say when asked what it was that “the mama saw” down by the schoolyard?
What message did the commander of Apollo 7 relay back to NASA mission control upon seeing the earth from space?
Who is the lightest member of the 2002 Anaheim Angels?
What work of fiction was described by Life Magazine as “a funny book at which you are not permitted to laugh”?
In the Edward Hopper painting, Nighthawks, what does the coffee-stained marquee advertise?
What are the two rival soap operas to “The Sun Also Sets” in the movie “Soapdish”?
How many films were Charles Bronson and Jill Ireland in together?
What artificial sweetener was banned by the FDA in 1969?
In Munro Leaf’s The Story of Ferdinand, what does it say on Ferdinand’s mother’s bell?
What is the first song Simon and Garfunkel performed on TV?
What is the name of Barbara Streisand’s production company?
What percent of women who have had sex with 10 or more men have genital herpes type II?
To pick up your Limited Edition Collectible “Kellogg’s® 100 Years of Magic Walt Disney World® Resort” Pin (actual size may vary) where would you go in the Downtown Disney® Marketplace (assuming you have already collected thee official Kelloggs® certificates and paid your ridiculously expensive admission fee)?
In Rio de Janeiro, Jan Selma Soares was shot in a crossfire between police and drug dealers. Fortunately, Soares was saved from serious injury when the bullet became lodged in what?
Which graduating class was known as the “class on which the stars fell?”
What is the adjective form of the word ant (like feline is to cat)?
What record was Sony digital transfer engineer Chris Athens referring to when he said, “I couldn’t believe they would play this spooky stuff for babies”?
Who and in which episode of what show says, “Hey backwoods retarded. Not now, not ever”?
The state song of Iowa, entitled “The Song of Iowa” is sung to the melody of what well- known tune?
In Futurama, what is Bender the robot’s full name?
In an average year, how many people are killed by a vending machine falling on them?
What well-known Drama film has the following phrase on the cover of its video box: “They were ordinary young men, driven to the very limits of human endurance.” And “based on a true story” and “Thrilling and Heart-stopping, -Newsweek”?
What two famous musicians portrayed nihilists in the film, The Big Lebowski?
Who headlined the 12th Annual Roy Orbison Festival in Wink, Texas?
After the Civil War, American detective Allan Pinkerton organized groups of armed men known as what?
What toy was pulled from Wal-Mart shelves in December possibly because it may suggest teenage pregnancy? Be specific with the name please.
In the Family Guy episode “And the Weiner is…” what is written on Niel’s hat?
Yoko Ono’s book, Grapefruit is an instruction book for art. What is the title of the piece that tells you to “Ask people to come. Invite only dead people”?
On Nov. 18, 1987, U2 played the L.A. show of their Joshua Tree show. They were their own opening act, playing country songs under what assumed name?
Dave Grohl, former Nirvana drummer and current Foo Fighter, is a very practical person. For what purpose does he use one of his Grammy™ awards?
In December of 2002, workers in Eskilstuna, Sweden found what unusual thing in the laundry?
How many (Quote) “hours” (Unquote) are in a (Quote) “day” (Unquote)?
What UN weapons inspector to Iraq wanted to resign his post for playing leadership roles in sadomasochistic sex clubs?
In Chester, VA, Santa Claus reportedly walked into a local drugstore, pulled a gun on the clerk, and made off with an undetermined amount of what?
What was George Herriman’s first continuing-character comic strip?
What song by Fats Domino was rumored to have been a catalyst in the mysterious suicides of six heartbroken students in Sweden in the 1950’s?
In this year’s (2002) JC Penny Christmas Catalog, what brand is the toy piano priced at $99.99?
What invension did veterinarian Rafi Kishon introduce last year for Israel’s cats and dogs?
There were two women who were mistaken for Ma Rainey in the famous “mystery of the two Ma Raineys.” One of them was a Memphis woman who recorded in 1953 as “Big Memphis Ma Rainey” and also referred to herself as “Ma Rainey No. 2” whose real name was Lillie Mae Glover. Who was the other?
What is the most popular county name in the United States?
What was T.H. White’s earlier pen name?
If you were to achieve a “perfect game” in Pac Man video game, how many points would you have?
What is the name of Mrs. Price’s pet cat in the movie “Bedknobs & Broomsticks”?
“Blood and Fire” is the motto for what organization?
Who became the first golfer in the LPGA to shoot a round of 59?
What is the only movie character role to earn 2 separate actors an Oscar?
In Dave Egger’s book: A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius, people from what town have hokey hair?
What was the name of the comic strip drawn in the TV show “The Tab Hunter Show”?
Which two groups did the 13th Floor Elevators emerge from?
In the Christmas special “Rudolph the Red- Nosed Reindeer,” what are the supplies that Yukon Cornelius is getting when he is introduced?
Who turned down five marriage proposals from Perry Mason?
Trivia Masters Jennifer and Sandi are heartbroken and lonely. In order to cheer us up, each campus team should send one guy and one girl who will attempt to woo us. Presents are not necessary, but not frowned upon. Points will be awarded based on the quality of wooing.Fairy, Action of Campus
In Louisa May Alcott’s fairy tale “Flower Fables,” whom does the Fairy Queen ask to tell the first tale?
What is the last name of Barbie’s boyfriend Ken?
In Suza Scalora’s photography book “The Fairies,” when does she sight the fairy Augustine? (looking for month and date)
Who was the only two-time winner of the Miss America Pageant?
what are the names of the 3 children in Louisa May Alcott’s fantasy story “Shadow- Children”?
Who was the model for Tinker Bell in the Walt Disney movie Peter Pan? What were her measurements (bust-waist-hip)?
Bearing the name of fairies in Suza Calora’s photography book, what are the names of Trivia Master Jennifer’s three fish?
What was the name of the golden palomino horse created for Barbie in 1981?
What is the name of Bambi’s rival for Elene?
In Bartman Comic no. 2, Bartman is frustrated because a rival vigilante, the Penalizer, is getting to the crooks first. What is the secret identity of the Penalizer?
For this action question you will need two items: a bicycle and a video camera. This is the Polar Bike Adventure action question. Hop on a bike and ride around filming the interesting things you come across: the people you meet, the splendor of nature, exotic locations. Anything that you feel proves you had an exciting adventure. I am not looking for continuity, fancy editing tricks, or anything like that. Just give it to me raw. I am not looking for mind-bending stunts, so don’t even try. It’s dangerous. I am serious. Also, if you try to film while riding your bike it will end up shaky and crappy. Please don’t do it. You have four hours to get the tapes to me, Grand Master Gene.Shut out, Off Campus
In Dole’s (the fruit company) Fun Shapes Magic Comics no. 6, what is the name of Fleep’s pet?
In the All About Appleton Game, what is the object of the game?
In MAD’s 4th Declassified Papers on Spy vs. Spy, what happens to the two spies on the very last page?
The new museum of Contemporary Art in Manhattan houses an exhibit called “Cloaca” which requires what twice daily?
How much money per minute did the Beatles make at their Chicago debut?
What is the world’s largest animal that emanates its own light (scientific name)?
In the anime cartoon Trigun, what company does Meryl Stryfe work for? What is her job?
What is the medical term for swallowing?
Why did Anne-Conrad-Autoville resign from the Eureka Symphony in 1994 prior to their performance of Peter and the Wolf?
Which Archie McPhee catalog item is described as “a lusty addition to any tabletop?”
In the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: the Movie, what are the Ninjete animals of the Rangers?
According to the premiere issue of Northeastern Wisconsin’s WomenMagazine, how often does Lawrence Symphony Orchestra conductor Bridget Reischl spend time “talking and laughing with friends.”?
What was written above the stage in the proscenium arch of the Chestnut Street Theater? (around late 1700’s)
On Feb. 2, 1931 a horse named Brampton won a race in Dargaville, New Zealand in what fashion?
Who sculpted the model for the first 3-D pink flamingo?
In the Family Guy episode “Daboom,” what is the number of the license plate Lois uses to cook eggs?
In the scene “Deep-Sea Divers” from Martin Handford’s novel The Great Waldo Search, with whom is Waldo sitting?
On Sunday, Dec. 22, 2002, the Packers shut out the Buffalo Bills in a glorious 10-0 victory, boosting their record to 12-3. That same day, how many yards did the Chicago Bears gain in the 2nd quarter of their 24-14 loss to the lowly Carolina Panthers?
Theater doors swing out so that people won’t get trapped inside in an emergency. What was the name of the theater where the disaster that caused this rule to become standard occurred, and how many people were trapped inside?
What is the Roundy’s food brand equivalent to Hamburger Helper?
What was the fist opera performed at the Lyric Opera of Chicago?
What three events did one Frenchman win 3 gold medals at the Winter Olympics in Grenoble, France?
Who is nicknamed “the Canadian Kipling?”
In the Sweet Pickles book Quail Can’t Decide by Jacquelyn Reinbach, between what two items can’t Quail decide?
In his first novel, Douglass Coupland described “celebrity schadenfreude” as what?
What follows, “What seas, what shores, what granite islands towards my timbers…”?
In the anime cartoon Trigun, how much is Vash the Stampede worth?
In the episode of Hulk Hogan’s Rock‘n’ Wrestling titled “The Four Legged Pickpocket,” why are the bad guys trying to steal the horse?
Who was at ringside with Lawrence Taylor for his wrestling debut?
What was Pasty Cline’s favorite brand of beer?
In the movie “Phantasm II,” what is the brand name of Reggie’s car?
What was the 1950’s slang term for 3-D movies?
According to the book: 1,000 Dreams, these may symbolize a preoccupation with purity or calm?
What is the epitaph on Charles Bukowski’s headstone?
Who played the Villian Minerva on the Batman TV show?
Which American Gladiator plays the Warrior in the Dragon Strike video?
In volume 1 issue 6 of Dragon magazine, what is the featured creature’s attack?
In Decipher’s Star Wars CCG what two characters reference characters that were never made?
In the Weird Al music video “Smells like Nirvana,” what is the first object the janitor pulls out of his bucket?
In the Tiny Toons music video of They Might Be Giants’s “Istanbul” what does Plucky replace the Jade Duck with?
In the Heroes of Might and Magic IV campaign the True Blade, who is the final boss, and who has to defeat the boss?
What is the quote on the Magic: The Gathering card Armadillo Cloak and who is it by?
I need one representative from each on campus team to come down to the con lobby to be involved in a competition of ultimate geekiness. (Magic Junk Sealed)
In the movie “Ghost World” the graduation party band is Orange Colored Sky. What other film can they be seen in?
What object dose comedienne Laurie Kilmartin describe as being, technically, an “egg-scrambler?”
How many hot dogs and buns did Takerv Kobayahsi eat in 12 minutes, to set a new world record in 2001?
How many Medals of Honor were awarded for service during the Civil War?
In the film “Mallrats,” Jay and Silent Bob make two attempts to destroy the game show stage while evading the mall security guard, LaFours. What were the respective names of these two failed operations?
Baseball player Richard “Goose” Gossage shares his birthday with what pop star?
According to the current issue of Rolling Stone, who’s first target are the evils of global warming?
In the film “Animal House,” there is a statue that graces the Faber college campus, presumably of the college’s founder. Other than the founder’s name and date the college was founded, what three-word saying appears on the pedestal?
If you were in a cabin atop California’s Mt.Whitney and you wanted to make 500 dozen Quaker Oat “Vanishing Oatmeal Raisin Cookies” using their current recipe, how many cups of flour would you need?
Which famous athlete’s mother owned a café called the Pink Kitty?
Which American actor was the first to be portrayed in a woodcarving?
Exactly how many staircases are there in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
One of this years Trivia Masters shares a name (first and last name) with a person who made major guest roles on Xena: Warrior Princess. This person also appeared in a documentary containing a fruit in the title. What is the full name of that documentary?
How long, to the second, was the shuttle path of the STS-80 Columbia?
At the Grateful Dead reunion show in East Troy, Wisconsin least August, authorities seized how many grams of marijuana?
In the Family Guy series, what does Peter really chew on during his “American Beauty” fantasy?
Name the 4 corporate sponsors on the graduation sign in the movie “Ghost World.”
On the “Cheers” episode when Cliff was a contestant on “Jeopardy,” what were the categories he played?
Who was the master of ceremonies at Lawrence University’s 2003 Band-O-Rama?
Where was the TV show “Clarissa Explain it All” set? (As in the name of the city, not just the Darling home)
Who replaced Rick Cornette at the January 21st 2003 performance of Mama Mia! at the Appleton PAC?
Who was the first person to point out that the continents of South America and Africa nearly fit into each other?
At Philadelphia’s soon-to-be retired Veteran’s Stadium, what was a favorite pastime of visiting players in the locker room before Eagles games?
What recent film is about a (quote) “wanna be who got to be”?
More than a century after his burial in Pere- Lechaise cemetery in Paris, visitors continue to leave what on the headstone of playwright Oscar Wilde?
What is the cover of the album “Dreamies” by Bill Holt modeled after?
What is the name of the family cow in the novel “Little Men”?
In a recent (within the past 10 days) Appleton Area bulk mailing from Cub© Pharmacy how much total can the consumer save by buying Centrum, Ensure Plus, Slim-Fast, Advil 100 ct, and Nyquil 10 oz. at Cub© Pharmacy rather than Shopko©? (prices in flyer are as of 12/18/02)
How does Scotty spell “Mom & Dad” in the song “Watching Scotty Grow”?
In China, border guards put down their submachine guns (an offense they could have been shot for) in order to shake which athlete’s hand?
Who says, “Take the meat bridge. It’s right here.”
What is the most plentiful active ingredient in Tor II Germicidal detergent?
Jungle Inc. created a toilet seat that can be attached to a trailer hitch for use during camping trips. What is this product’s marketed name?
According to Linda Cobb, these items can be cleaned with a plastic bag, baking soda, and salt.
Yo yo yo, this is DJ triviamaster Steve here to announce that the first annual trivia weekend dance party will begin tonight at approximately ____, in room 156 in the Con, that’s (describe). Now let me point out that this is not your momma’s dance party. It’s time to bust a groove and cut your rug. The crux of this dance party is the dance contest which will occur throughout the duration of one particular song near the middle of the party. Everyone in welcome to come and get their groove on, but only two people from each team will be in the actual contest and will be competing for points. Each team can receive a score of up to 10 points based on creative expression, style, degree of rug-cutting, etc of the cumulative dancing of their two contestant participants. While quality and style of dress in the two contest dancers will not be directly factored into a team’s final score, it will not be completely disregarded, moreover a certain unity of dress in each two will make them easier to identify at the time of judging. The team members not participants are also welcome to dress up, though it will not be factored into their score. Each team’s select dancers are asked to identify themselves to DJ triviamaster Steve at the time of their arrival. Once again, while only 2 people from each team will be dancing during the actual contest, everyone (from the on campus teams) is welcome to come one, come all, and get their trivia groove on.
What seemingly important info is not listed on the Plantz Hall reserve hot water tank?
What T.V. program does Steve (custodian in Plantz) watch religiously everyday during his morning break?
What prank does Steve play on Lindy (Plantz custodian) every Halloween that gets her every time?
How many doors are in Trever Hall, not including closet/wardrobe or bathroom stall doors?
What is the name of the coffeehouse frequented by the characters in “Frasier”?
Hermaphroditos became the first hermaphrodite when he physically merged with who?
Revenge of the Nerds II: Nerds in Paradise features a hot tub scene where those darn Alpha Betas hatch a plot to get rid of out beloved Tri-Lambs. What is Ogre doing in the background for an astounding 115 seconds?
According to their welcome sign, what is the city of Wadsworth, Illinois, the village of?
In the All About Appleton Game, when you get the Conkey’s Book Store surprise card, what quote is on it?
What is the name of Sir Guyon’s horse in Spencer’s “The Faerie Queene?”
What is the house number of meatwad, Shake, and Fry lock?
What theatre group from Minnesota participated in the American High School Theatre Festival in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1999?
What is the average depth of the South China Sea?
What is boric acid used in homes to minimize?
Steely Dan makes an allusion to a Dr. Warren Kruger, a geneticist based at the Fox Chase Cancer Centre in Philadelphia. In what song was this allusion made?
Who invented the 3-point seat belt that is now standard on all modern passenger vehicles?
On March 13, 1964 physicist Richard Feynamgave a lecture on the motion of planets around the sun to a class of freshman at Cal tech. Before the lecture even began a student asked him a question to which he did not know the answer. What was the answer?
Rivers Guomo from Weezer started numbering every song he wrote on January 1,What is the title of no. 227?
What is the Vehicle Identification Number of the only remaining 1983 Corvette?
Fill in the blank in the following George W. Bush quotation: “I’m a uniter, not a divider. That means when it comes time to sew up your ____, we use stitches as opposed to opening it up.”
In what year did canned beer start to outsell bottled beer?
In the movie Sorority Sex Kittens 3, where is Upsilon Sigma pledge Holly from, and what is her major?
Who was Penthouse’s Pet of the Month in the issue with the Paula Jones pictorial?
In Twin Falls, Idaho, 29-year-old Robert Johnson was arrested in possession of 3homemade bombs, a cane with a sword built into the handle, a homemade .22 caliber “zip gun,” a shotgun, 3 knives, and a file. When interviewed by the police, Johnson said he armed himself in response to what he perceived to be a threat from what organization?
The hearing on what began at 10:00 a.m. on May 4, 1995 before the Committee on Foreign Relations of the first session of the 104th Congress of the U.S. Senate?
Which 80 proof Greek spirit is distilled from black grapes and its private reserve has been matured for at least 10 years?
On bottles of Johnnie Walker Blue Label Scotch, what is the only part of the label that is printed in red?
What is the name of the Scandinavian spirit derived from the Latin for water of life?
What pre-mixed drink has often been rumored to be Queen Elizabeth II’s favorite drink?
Which wine (at least 24 proof) in only produced in the Western Sicilian region of Trapani and in parts of Agrigent and Palermo?
Which Dutch liqueur is an example of an emulsion liqueur, produced from egg yolks, sugar, and alcohol?
What alcohol is referred to as Campari’s “younger brother?”
Tropical Eau-de-Vie can be distilled from which 5 kinds of fruit?
In the Battle of the Bulge, the 101st Airborne Division was surrounded by a far superior German force. The commander of the German forces sent a message to the Americans asking for their surrender. What was the Americans’ one word reply?
In what year was beer first bottled, and in what year was it first canned?
What was the original working title of the Beatles tune, “With a Little Help From My Friends?”
For the movie Snow White & the Seven Dwarves, Walt Disney received a special academy award. What did it look like, and who presented it to him?
BJ Thomas and Jennifer Warnes created which TV theme song?
What is the name of the sawfish at the Audobon Aquarium?
What did punk groupie Anya Phillips keep in her bathroom for people to read?
In the Jaguar 32X version of WWF Raw, what secret character do you get by pressing Down A B in the Wrestling Selection screen?
What specific event caused Daniel Bowie’s left eye to change color?
In the Coen brothers’ film The Big Lebowski, what Bible verse appears on the wall behind Francis Donnelly’s desk in the mortuary?
Gavin Friday and U2’s Bono performed what song together in Dublin’s Pink Elephant Nightclub?
Garnet Carter, A Tennessee resort owner in 1927, built a _____ to attract business.
In Jean-Pierre Jeunet’s recent film Amelie, Amelie Poulin first encounters Nino Quincompoix in a metro station. What are the termini for the metro line that passes through that line?
Part of Maoist China's Great Leap Forward was a campaign against "the 4 pests"-flies, mosquitoes, rats, and sparrows. When people realized that sparrows really aren't pests, they were replaced with what?
How is Ivy "Glass-eye" Simpson related to Abraham Simpson?
In "L.A. Story," what is the title of the movie that Morris Frost is supposed to review?
What is the Walgreen's brand equivalent to Chap-stick?
What is the name of the weekend getaway hotel in the movie, "L.A. Story"?
What is the score of the UCLA men's basketball team's worst defeat in school history?
Who was the voice of the grown faline in Bambi?
Ulf Buck, a 39 year old blind German clairvoyant claims he can read people's futures by doing what?
"This episode has been modified to fit your primitive screen" is at the beginning of what Futurama episode?
In Maurice Sendak's Higglety Pigglety Pop, what is eth map made out of?
According to the February 2003 issue of Consumer Reports, what were the percentage breakdowns of the 4 main components in Progresso Chicken noodle soup?
What school did Patty and Cathy Lane attend in the “Patty Duke Show?”
What is the Kaplan Four-Step Method for Logical Reasoning on the L-SAT?
Which city receives an average of 1 rainy day every 6 years?
Who succeeded Avery Brundage as International Olympic chairman?
Who was Fat Andy's brother in the film Goodfellas?
What two supermarket toothpaste brand names can be spelled by rearranging the letters in the following phrase: "GLEN'S EYES DO MEN" (must use all the letters, can't repeat any (each letter only once))?
What was Elvis' favorite brand of bacon?
What inspired Ross Bagdasarian to create the Chipmunks?
In the movie Killer Klowns from Outer Space, how do you kill the klowns?
In 1989, Lori Esker murdered her romantic rival in Rib Mountain, WI. What high school did she graduate from?
According to the directions where is the user of Origins Sensory Therapy Peace of Mind supposed to dab the product?
In the book Yoga for Dummies, 5-minute yoga sessions will help you find what?
Complete the following Steve Martin quote: “A kiss may not be the truth…”
In the movie “The Secret Garden,” what song is playing when Mary opens the music box to find the key?
How many voices are in the Morman Tabernacle Choir?
What was the first opera performed in Boston?
What did the iron-on tattoo or T-shirt transfer that came with the Game Space Eggs say?
What is the music publishing company of Michael Feinstein?
During the years 1952-54 the Baton Rouge refinery of the Esso Standard Oil Company produced an average of how many barrels of crude oil daily?
What is the secret service code name for Camp David?
Where was the Drive-In Scene in the movie “Screwballs” filmed?
What is the orphan niece of Count Moor in Imasnadieri named?
Finish the following George W. Bush quotation: “Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take____”
What book contains the only appearance of the world YELLOW in the Bible?
At the Vatican Council II, which Bishop that attended had the smallest congregation?
How did Hugh of Lincoln acquire a relic of Saint Nicasius?
Augustine conjectured that the 153 fish of John Hill referred to what?
In Joshua Harris’ Christian book, I Kissed Dating Goodbye, for what does Josh thank Don Miller?
Which record did Rud Rockers call “one of the most extremely brutal CDs ever to come into the Christian market? (Artist and album title)
Why did Joab stab Abner to death?
What Christian denominations have churches in Marsabit, Kenya?
What popular melody appeared illegally in an Irving Berlin musical, causing a lawsuit which led to the melody's final copyright agreement in 1934? (which musical did it appear in?)
The name of what item, used by the percussion group "Stomp" is similar to part of the names of both the Bible's Moses' first wife and the Bass Clarinettist who is known for playing David Lang's piece "Press Release"?
How many hippos go berserk in the children's book Hippos Go Berzerk?
What were the total sales on the 1st day of business of the New York City Macy's?
What is the box number in Seymour's personal ad in the movies "Ghost World?"
How many English monarchs are buried in Westminster Abbey?
How many dogs return in the painting "Hunters in the Show"?
How many milligrams of sodium are in one bottle of Propel Fitness water, and what percent of the recommended daily value is it?
Complete the following George W. Bush quotation: "Well, I think if you say you're going to do something and you don't do it, that's ______."
At approximately minute 1:10 of Queen's hit "Bicycle Race," another Queen hit is quoted. Call in and sing the first four lines from the original lyrics of the song that is quoted.
What artist drew "Self-Portrait as Genitalia" c. 1900?
Donald Fagen and Walter Beckers' use of a chord spelled C, D, E, G became known as the "_____ chord" to many Steely Dan fans.
Slippery Jack, Dead Man’s Fingers, and King Alfred’s Cakes, are all types of what?
In WWII, what group of soldiers did the Germans nickname, “Those Devils In Baggy Pants?”
On March 27, 1992, Bono did what for the audience at a U2 concert in Detroit?
Who is described by Time Magazine as “George Orwell, Dr. Caligari, and Flash Gordon compounded into one writer…a zany but moral mad scientist?
What major decision concerning all racehorses was made in Britain in 1834?
According to 1937 radium mining statistics, what country produced 66% of all the radium mined that year?
What does Samantha get from a friend of her friends, Bobby’s friend Bobby on the series Sex and the City?
What restaurant serves the most expensive hamburger in New York City?
In the movie “Moulin Rouge” the scream of the Green Fairy is actually who’s voice?
What was the 150th question asked in the first Great Midwest Trivia Contest, and what was the answer?
What were Hitler’s wife’s last words? (We’re looking for the last sentence she spoke before withdrawing with her husband to their room where they committed suicide.)
What household item was the time machine going to be before it was a De Lorean in the movie “Back to the Future”?
Kiwi Strawberry Snapple claims to be the official drink of what?
What is habit no. 2 from Sean Covey’s The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens?
Name that song and artist (off a CD)
Of the ten highest mountains, which do not lie within the borders of Nepal?
What was the original inspiration for the Paul Simon song, “Mother and Child Reunion”?
What pen name was used by John Hughes in the movie, “Beethoven”?
Tycho Brahe (1546-1601) was a Danish astronomer and nobleman, made famous by discovering a new star in the constellation Cassiopeia. What was his unique facial feature?
What was the first name and profession of the man who first wrote the popular phrase, “Kilroy was here”?
On Christmas morning 2002 in New York, 284,012 viewers watched what two-hour long T.V. broadcast?
In the traditional fairy tale, what is the first name of Little Red Riding Hood?
What phrase is written in memoriam to Samuel Plantz (’25) on the Sundial near Raymond House?
60 carbon atoms arranged into the shape of a soccer ball is a _____ and is named a “_____” by its Russian physicist creator.
According to the movie poster for Mary-Kate and Ashley Olson’s hit film “Holiday in the Sun” what two hit singles are featured?
In what Strongbad e-mail does he upgrade his computer to the 386?
What is the pen name on John Voelker, a famous American writer and Michigan Supreme Court Justice? (* Important: Do not spell his last name for the trivia players, they will google it and get it)
What is the name of the cat in the movie “Earth Girls are Easy?”
What did Monica Lewinsky say when asked what she would tell her future children about her relationship with Bill Clinton?
Which character on Allen’s Alley was never seen or heard?
Last year (2002) London celebrated the 50th anniversary of the Great Smog of London. What was the specific date of the original onset of the 5-day fog (*the fog killed 4,000 people and asphyxiated cattle at the Smithfield Market)?
In the Decipher Star Wars CCG, what phrase is running up the side of the wall on the Light Side Undercover?
As a Green Bay Packer, who caught Brett Favre’s first pass?
In the All About Appleton Game, what is the second bulleted point on the Lawrence University Travel Card?
In 2003, what country has the youngest average age of marriage?
What ancient Chinese symbol was incorporated into the ceremonial pavilion at Angkor Wat?
What poem did Allen Ginsberg end all of his poetry readings with?
Which Lawrence graduate of the class of ’74 authored a book on American athletes?
What were the 4 paintings involved in the Klimt University scandal?
How many steps are there leading up to the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
What is the 13th listed ingredient in Taco Bell’s “Fire” Border Sauce?
How many constellations did the ancient Egyptians recognize?
What famous actor made his final film in 1968 in which he portrayed a mob kingpin known only as God?
What was Dweezil Zappa’s original name?
What does Ogelthorp wear around his neck that Frylock thinks is a galactic space collar?
The hymn, "What a friend we have in Jesus" was written by Joseph M. Scriven about 1855 while he was near Port Hope, Ontario, Canada. He wrote it to comfort his mother's anxiety. If he were to mail this letter today in a standard envelope with one 8 1/2x11 piece of paper to the location of his mother, how much would it cost, in Canadian money?
How does the Carl Sagan character Sol R. Hadden meet his end?
Last October, a 24-year-old South Korean man may have set an unofficial record whenplayed computer games nonstop for 86 hours in an internet café in Kwangjo. Unfortunately the man, identified only by the last name Kim, was unable to continue after being interrupted by what event?
14th US President Franklin Pierce’s wife Jane Means Appleton was the daughter of a former President of what college?
Who’s quoted saying, “to me, terrorism is exciting, it’s exciting, I think the very idea that you can set off a bomb in a marketplace and kill several hundred people is exciting and stimulating and I see it as a form of entertainment”?
According to the Museum of the first meeting of the Communist Party of China, what was the first in a series of unequal treaties in Chinese modern history?
In what novel does Vladimir Nobokov use a character made up as an anagram of his own name and what is that character’s name?
What ingredient do both Mentholatum© Cool Cherry Softlips Lip Protectant Sunscreen and Melon Medly Fruit Smoothies Blistex© both share that is NOT in Natural Ice© Original Flavor Medicated Lip Balm?
When Elvis went to visit the White House on December 21st of 1970 what gift did he present to President Nixon? What did the president present to Elvis?
In the comic strip Dilbert, what street does Dilbert live on?
In 1927, King George V was quoted saying, “There is one thing I long to know. How did you pee?” To whom was this question posed?
What is George Costanza’s ATM password on Seinfeld?
At the house at Checkpoint Charlie in Berlin they have a small bicycle motor that was modified to run under water. Who made this device?
What was the slogan of the Republican party in the 1928 presidential campaign?
In baseball, who is the first “switch pitcher” (pitches both righty and lefty) in major league history?
What is the only state in the US to share a city name with two digits from the title of George Orwell’s most famous numerical novel?
Ed Morrow’s book: 599 Things You Should Never Do features the quotation:“Never buy a fur from a veterinarian” Who made this statement?
According to the 5th edition of the Boy Scouts “Handbook for Boys” what should you use to relieve the itching from chigger bites?
The tower of the Imperial College in London is found in the art work of what 1970’s pop album?
What was the original name of Blockbuster Video?
2002 FIFA World Cup for PS2 features a cartoon called Sphericks, the official mascots of FIFA; what episode does the game contain?
In the video “Blow My Fuse,” the lead singer for the hair band Kix (spell) tells a story about the first time the members of the band played together, back when they were known as Shooze. During the show, somebody smashed their mixing board. According to the video, what happened to him (the guy who smashed the board)?
On Sept. 18, 1851, Volume one; number one of the New York Evening Times was published. Within it, an item appeared in the special notices column which read “GREEN TURTLE SOUP, of a quality and style not elsewhere to be had, will be served up by the undersigned, at No 8 State St., and families supplied by sending their orders at any time. Lunch at the usual hour.” Who was “the undersigned” whose green turtle soup was of such high quality?
What is written on the English side of the billboard above the Haus Des Meers in Vienna, Austria?
When he was in the Ninth Grade, Frank Zappa won a Fire Prevention Week poster contest. What did his poster say?
In the latest Honda CRV commercial, in which two men are about to bungee jump from a bridge, it is possible to see a house on the hill in the background. The owner of that house is the Chairman of the Board, President, and CEO of what company?
On the cover of the original vinyl release of the Swing singers’ Grammy-winning album, “Going Baroque”, a group of musicians is pictured singing from a piece of music. What lyrics are shown on this piece of music.
Kraftwood is the name of the Kraft family residence in Elcho, Wisconsin. The estate is home to a large graden that was open to the public once a week from the 1920s to the 1950s. In the garden is a large gazebo with a peculiar name. What is the name of the structure?
In the film “The Shawshank Redemption” what is the name of the baseball team from Oresby Prison?
In Pokemon Ruby, what will allow you to use the HmO5 flash and who must you defeat to obtain this item?
What is the technical term for a palm reader?
In The Gift of the Magi, how much money did Delle have to spend for Christmas before selling her hair?
In the Simpson’s episode “Two Bad Neighbors”, Bart causes former President Bush’s boat motor to destroy his memoirs. Only one shred of paper in all the debris can be read. What does it say?
In the game Yu Yu Hakusho who must Yusuke defeat in Genkai tournament?
This number is used to measure an animal’s cruising sped (swimming or flying) and the rate at which it flaps its wings or swishes its tail.
First Capital connects from “St. Neots” to “Kings Cross” via the home of which major institution?
With which five cards did Gambit win his “baby”?
What is the name of the Park where the little league scenes in “Rookie of the Year” were filmed?
On the Dramm Touch N Flow Revolver Spay Gun, which setting is found between “fan” and “angle”
What was the last band flashed by John Wagner’s character Maxine?
In Grand Central Station’s 2006 showchoir show, one other showchoir’s name is mentioned. What is it?
Who showed Dumbledore how fragile his “balolos” are and how did they do it?
This Olympic athlete won gold in 2000 in Sydney and also has won six world championships in rowing, name this athlete.
John Koenig defines “conversation” as “an archaic medium hat marries the bandwidth of a planetarium with what?
What are the first 8 digits of Big Worm’s phone number?
“A Noise Show’ described as “Discomfort. Standing, waiting, not sure if you’re cool with it, who is this guy?” took place where?
Create an alternative ending for those who are currently viewing “The Goonies” and present it outside of the Cinema. Be there by 1:40 am.
In Michael Sweeney Complete Survival Manual, where does it warn not to get water from?
What is the alternate text of A Softer World comic in which the last panel reads. “She won’t live forever either”?
What kind of car did Professor Vern Roelof’s son drive in the mid 1970s?
In Shreve’s book, upon Webster’s cleaning of the kitchin, what new advice does the silver box have for him?
In the movie “The Birdcage”, Hank Azaria asks Robin Williams why he can’t perform in the show, Azaria thinks Williams is scared of what?
What was Christooph Niemann’s weather prediction for Feb. 28th 2010
In November 2007, the company that distributed the “Push’n Hang Push Hammer” also released a product claiming to wake you up by doing what surprising thing?
In the promotional deck of cards that came with a collector’s edition who is the 7 of clubs and what quote is featured on his card?
According to Michael Dorsey’s roommate Jeff Slater, the American Indian is as American as who?
Christoph Niemann created a pie chart (perhaps better described as a cookie chart) to illustrate the allocation of his assets. What are the three categories of this pie chart?
Accordig to “Da Jesus Book” the prophet Elisha has 42 young guys mauled by a bear because they say what to him?
In a drawing by Thomas Nast from 1881, what is written on the belt that Santa is holding?
What does Stephen Colbert call for synchronized swimming to be replaced with?
What species seems to have found a way to avoid death by cycling back and forth between immature and adult stages?
What does Khloe nickname Rob’s girlfriend on season 2 episode 2 of Keeping Up with the Kardashians?
Give the names of at least 3 of the card sleights for which E.S. Andrews seems to have intentionally described inferior methods in his only published manuscript.
Instead of spending money for heart disease, what did supporters of Congressional candidate Paul R. Nelson allege that Congressman Ron Kind spent our money on?
According to Native American Cove of Northeast Tezas, specifically Comanche, how can one catch an Armadillo once it has buried itself in the ground?
In the 1700s, Britain paid the captains of ships to transport criminals to Australia, per prisoner that got on the ship. How did they change this policy in 1793 and why?
What was the role of the current member of the English royal family in the 1950 Cambridge victory?
Why do robots have an insatiable appetite for sardines?
In the Steven Spielberg film Saving Private Ryan, where do Captain John H. Miller and Technical Sergeant Michael Horvath first meet?
In the 1972 book, “None Dare Call it Conspiracy”, what is the titular conspiracy?
According to the band, where were the first photos of Kings of Leon taken?
What is the beer-chugging device that has a length of 10 inches and a girth of 3 + inches and is hailed by its website as “the fastest and sexiest way to drink beer” ?
The creators of a massive multiplayer online game who helped design a custom map for Warcraft 3 made an alternate frat boy costume for their Viking charter. What is this alternate costumed character’s drink of choice?
A food blogger from a New York suburb posted an article inspired by brining vegetables in a certain flavored drink mix. Instead,by using a substitute for the drink mix, he created what?
If you use the ingredient common to a Freddie Fuddpucker and a Bossanova, and add a screwdriver, what is the result?
In June 2010 podcast which takes its name from a famous film critic known for his facial hair, an emailer asked for a suggestion of a new movie to see. What is the first movie that is suggested?
In Kanye West’s “My Beautiful, Dark, Twisted Fantasy”, the greatest album release of 2010, Kanye works with several Producers. One of the prodeucers recently released a book in October of 2009. In an interview with Steven Colbert regarding wisdom and his new book, what does the author have to say is the number one thing we need to have such wisdom?
A man from Virginia, who shares a birthday with Woody Allen, stated some facts about a particular spokesperson for a certain alcoholic beverage. One of those facts compares a possession of the spokesperson to the possession of a character who appeared in a film with him. What is the item they both possess?
According to a website featuring an image gallery of violent posters from Soviet Russian, there is a drinking game centered around phrases, each one increasing in number of objects. What is the fifth phrase in this game?
When Neo learns jiu jitsu, a commercial for which brand name is referenced?
According to J. R. R. Tolkien’s famous trilogy, under what two conditions does Gandalf believe will cause the end of the Shire’s refuge?
Who composed the score of the film whose footage is borrowed by Sarah Stevens and used in her film “folie” at 1 min. and 36 sec.?
What is the hardest part of being “the storage guy” who is featured in the best ending from people’s court?
In the episode of FX’s Rescue Me titled “!@[]$”, Tommy Gavin is compared to what 4 other famous people? Note, these must be in order when you call in your answer/
Where is the location of the original written recipe for Pizzeria Uno’s deep dish pizza?
What author is filed under the unusual bookstore section ‘Stupid White Men’?
In step 4 of the instructions for Instant Krazy Glue Home and Office Pen, what is the sentence that follows “Parts to be glued should be clear and dry”?
In the 12th episode of the 2nd season of the show “Brothers and Sisters” some people are seen playing UND. Only one card’s number and color is visibly seen. What character is holding this card?
Below Ellen C. Sabin’s portrait is a picture of four 1954 rowing teams. In this picture, who sits in front of Swanhilde Bekkedahle and what is her title? (OFF CAMPUS)
Who first described what as a “swapping of the brain”?
The film directed by an allusive street artist features a French graffiti artist known for his signature character with long flimsy legs. There is a segment in the film where this artist prints his character above the sign of the street. What street is he on?
According to the man with the self-proclaimed “Best Page in the Universe” what historical “boner moment” happened in 60,000 BCE?
In the British dairy commercial that was so popular its theme song is now available on iTunes, what is the brand of the red tractor featured therein?
The “Shot in a pint glass” is best in terms of space saving and what other factor?
What are the 2 main ingredients in Dick-Gar Guy Tong?
According to the New York Times Best Selling former host of “Showtime at the Apollo”, what three things does a man require of a “lady”
In the New Trivia Times from 1998, the crossword which appears opposite Music question 1 has two words that could be called 1-across. What are they?
What two phrases are spray painted on the doors of either side of the giant slice of bread in Bank Holdup Studios?
According to the case assigned to James Bond, numbered 459217, what letter of what country is missing under the subheading “Case Locations”?Note: the country in question is according to the American English spelling of the country.
Who were the two keynote speakers at Walten Payton College Preparatory High School’s 2010 commencement?
What is the entry under Nicollet County Slam Dunk Champion on Marshall Eriksen’s resume?
The 1996 film Michael Collins and the 1971 scholarly work by the Earl of Longford name two conflicting pseudonames for Irish Revolutionary Michael Collins. Give us the last names of both of these.
In Michael Imdieke and Jason Thomas Spencer’s play “Me”, why doesn’t Webster’s define “mesexuality”?
Who is the professor of Medieval History at /TV/ University?
If the self-proclaimed founder of Wikipedia wants to walk out of his door to the nearest Catholic Church, onto what street must he turn right on?
What does “Art Vandelay Sitcom Fan” use his wheel-mate laptop steering wheel desk for, according to his review on amazon.com
According to music choice on Comcast Digital Cable, what are David Nevue’s influences?
On the first episode of the October 2010 series of BBC’s “Top Gear”, presenter Jamie Clarkson took hear from the international community after he referred to French automobile companies as what?
In the book, Interred with Their Bones, Kate Stanley is continually threatened that she will be harmed, if not killed, in the same manner as a character in what Shakespeare play?
What is the description of the house of the badger on Jester goblin’s recipes for the sorting shots?
A late 2010 edition of popular science features a concept of space-bound launch that uses what 2 still experimental methods of propulsion?
In the third season of 30 Rock, Jack’s mother comes to visit during the anniversary of Jack’s father leaving her. During her stay she requests to change hotels. Why?
What currency named character has a roll in an adult themed animated show?
The book which portrays a penniless man in a top hat wearing American apparel on its authors shirt, relies on which two-letter combination for the triple alliteration featured elsewhere on the cover?—and what is the name of the book?
In the painting by Kang Tso-tien, entitled, “A Former Poor Peasant Tells of Her Happy Life After Liberation”, there are four what stacked in the foreground in the lower right-hand corner?
Among the eccentric, cryptic posting of an Australian man who goes only by “Craig” he mentions meeting up with people who are interested in cake decoration. What does he say to bring along as proof of experience?
On the Amanda Dobbins scale, what kind of hot is James Franco?
There is a printing error in the parts for Steve Reich’s “Different Treins”. How are quartet members supposed to fix this error during a performance?
Which character regularly featured in Animaniacs has heterochromia iridium?
According to A.M. McCloud’s “Fortune-Telling Book of Dreams”, dreaming of what foretells a “romantic union with an uninteresting and tiresome mate?”
What TV show character’s house number corresponds to the year the movie adaptation of the show gained recognition by the Guiness Book of World Records for its profanity?
this type of throw is associated with a popular south asian sport and is one in which the ball goes dangerously close to the players head. (Off Campus)
The singer of songs like “Crow” and “Illinois” was also a photographer and has photographs of, among other things, a headstore, on his website. What name is written out the top of this headstore, and in what was this person born?
A ping pong enthusiast’s favorite crossword was published on Nov. 5th, 2996. What was the elevation of the highest ping pong club at which this person has played?
Give four specific examples of people who are joining a religion simply by reciting “Taruu’s Prayer”. Give their first names and professions.
What four books are advertised on the inside cover of the free sampler excerpt of The Dark High-lauder by Karen Moning
What is the reminder on the page in the 40th Anniversary Great Midwest Trivia Contest commemorative calendar that asks the name of the boat in “Creature from the Black Lasoon”?
Who was the architect of the house that used to stand at 127 N. Union St.?
The actor who plays Travis March on ABC’s “Brothers and Sisters” also plays a character in the show “True Blood”. What is this characters former lover’s name?
In 1988 when Lawrence had to terminate the tenancy of those renting 738 E. John St., who did they kick out?
What is the geographic origination of Dutch Yellow Boys?
During one episode of the 2nd season of the show “Burn Notice” an actor’s nickname appears in quotation marks, what is his name?
In a popular book release in the 80s that supplied you with jokes regarding topics such as race, ethnicity, and body parts, what chapter is succeeded by the chapter on religion?
In Civilization 4, What is the quote read when a palyer unlocks the technology that reveals the world mal?
On the front of what book can you find the names of a former first lady and an actor who starred as a senator in a 1939 film?
According to Conan O’Brien, what does one Japanese company hope go over better than their “sir-mix-a-lot-yams” ?
In the Fox Sports Channel replay of Manchester united vs. Blackburn-originally aired by FSC on November 27th, 2010-how was the Blackburn player Salgado described in reference to his practice ethic?
These were first discovered in Britain and were found buried under a prehistoric house and believed to be from the Bronze Age. What are these things that researchers discovered?
In an August 27th issue of a Chicago Newspaper, a film critic gave a public thank you to the Weinstein Company for not making the trailers of which movies?
In 1976, what winery produced the winning wine at the Judgment of Paris, and what AVA does its own AVA border?
What is the third paragraph of the last track of Information Society’s release, Peace and Love, Inc.?
What is the middle name of the trivia master who grew up in the same town that the creator of Lawrence’s largest pipe organ’s firm is located?
The TV show “The Office” has come out with inspirational quote magnets. One of them Michael Scott compares himself to a cool teacher he had in middle school. What is this teacher’s name?
What is the first line of the poem that accompanies the illustration on the inside cover of the book Chinese Love Poems, illustrated by Seong Moy?
What is the 7th best thing about the farm animal bucket that matt of x-entertainment purchased and why?
In the November/December 2010 publication of “Russian Life”, there is the photo of a placard positioned above a photo of a Soviet working class family in the 1950s. If translated the placard says what?
In the third book of “Gremlin Adventures”, what does Pete say to be more fun that the arcade?
There is a film in which a boy pees on his family’s dinner to save them. This boy has three flags next to his bed that have baseball player’s names on them. What is the name on the lowest flag?
P. Adams Sitney wrote an article about a Russian filmmaker whose best known work is considered “both difficult to follow on first viewing and rewarding to return to”. What are the three elements in the film that Sitney claims to be the reason of this?
Two Merrie Melodies cartoons in the 1940s had a similar subject to a particular episode of the Twilight Zone. In these two cartoons, Bugs Bunny and a gremlin share the same bit of dialogue. What do they both say?
According to a history professor at Yale, a heretical sect in Western Tsarist Russia used a procedure to destroy their dismembered appendages called what?
When comparing the morals of a film, in which Emilio Estavez was considered for the lead role, to the real life challenges of raising children, Gary Cross brings up a dilemma that famous etiquette authority figure came across when she asked people to do what?
In an article explaining a cartoon that satirizes book burning in the digital age, how is “Hacker Ethos” defined? (Off Campus Only)
After beginning a Hunger Strike in order to protest the killing of baby cows for use as veal, Mrs. Cartman delievers food to the boys of South ark after how many hours?
What does Susan say Carol’s breast-milk tastes like?
The movie “Donna on Demand” was written and directed by Corbin Bernsen. However, a trade was made for a role in this movie. The item traded for the role was originally traded for what?
Using the key, how does Brooke the Goldfish get back home under the bed.
On the cover of “The Fifties”, a 1975 book of nostalgia by Martha Saxton, what is printed on the sash of the 2nd woman from the left?
What does it say on Fictional English runner Ros Lamb’s medal?
This highly respected filmmaker, writer, and director who wrote the screenplay for the film version of Frank Herbert’s best-selling science fiction novel, also created a short conveying his love of quinoa. What is the brand of salt he uses to flavor his quinoa, and what supermarket is this brand unique to?
What industry led indirectly to the huge population of cats on Tashiro Island?
When catfort dispatches its lobsters to the dog fort on the south shore of lake Superior, which company runs into trouble, and where?
What notable character was summoned for jury duty by Suffolk Superior Crown Court in Boston, for March 23, 2011 and why can’t she or he make it?
What is the organization tip number 23 regarding writing utensils and felines?
What are the ingredients in the destructive cocktail that Rock Rickaby gives his cousin Calvin before they head off to destroy a pig farm?
In the “top news story” presented by Colin Mochrie during an episode featuring a feline-related joke, what is the punchline?
What painting was sold for the highest sum ever paid for a painting at an art auction in 2010 and who is the painting by?
What was keeping Vicki Greenwood and Tiger from energizing?
In his lecture “Lie in the Textbooks”, Kent Hovid deliberately slips up, calling National Geographic what?
In the film “The 40 Year Old Virgin”, Cal makes a comment about one of Andy’s action figures. What action figure is placed directly above the action figure mentioned?
What beanie baby was born in May 4th, 1998 and what is significant about its tush tag?
In Post Alley in Seattle, WA, what is the largest phrase spelled out in pink bubblegum?
In 1865,President Andrew Johnson was given a gift of a very unusual piece of furniture. What was so unusual about it and who gave it to him?
What two types of ‘strain’ cause Cyclopropane to be an unhappy, but stable structure?
What are the answers to 41-down in the New York Times crossword puzzle that appeared 4 months after Dolly the sheep was born?
A ruler known for apparently forcing gypsies to eat eachother was portrayed in a music video by the creator of a British comedy show. In the episode where the main characters meet a fisherman who glues seashells to things, there is a carton of a funk bassist holding a poster, what does the poster say?
Who contributed the chicken & white wine sauce for two recipes in the 2006 Lawrence Academy of Music “Note-able Recipes”?
In the latest map of online communities, what is found directly below “hot air”?
Csaba Erdelyi on the Hungarian people, reflected that he’s “heard it said that they are the only human race to,” what?
What is the 20th “Common Sense Reminder” Katrina Wreede lists in Violaerobics?
In which parts of the bow does Louis Kievman advise practicing a fast deteche stroke?
The Bartok Viola Concerto had its premiere with the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra on December 2, 1949. What piece immediately preceded it on the program.
In what 2 Episodes of South Park does Cartman utter in phrase “tacos” and “burritos” in a Spanish accent?
What made William Primrose’s left hand particularly suited to the viola, according to him?
“The Anthology of British Viola Players” says this violist could be described as “red hot” and “magnet” in discussion this violist’s youth, she is described as keen what and proficient what?
From what three pieces are orchestral excerpts required to be played in order to achieve a Grade 10 certificate in viola according to the 1994 Royal Conservatory of Music syllabus?
For what duration is a performer supposed to continue the C R^b F-sharp D pattern for which the direction “alternating quickly ordinary and harmonic” position of fingers is given on the last page of Berio’s Sequenza for solo viola.
To whom is William Primrose’s arrangement of Hugo Wolf’s “Italian Serenade” dedicated?
What does the shirt of the girl who is seated next to Russ during Team USA’s match with Italy say?
In late March of 1906, Harry Houdini was examined by Dr. J. E. Rourke, who found that Houdini’s arms had a serious problem. Houdini was apparently threatened with being what?
A woman near Appleton received a surprise when she found what in the box of her Christmas present from her children?
What is the last name of the police officer who stops and interrogates Theirry Guetta and his accomplice in Los Angeles as seen in “Exit Through the Gift Shop”?
In the Focus Features Collector’s Edition of a movie that references the hometown of the lead actors wife, there is an introduction by the head of a film preservation company. A reference is made to a fire at one of the company’s plants. What was the English name of the only casualty in the fire?
A man appearing on a talk show wearing the name ‘David’ in sequins on his shirt had what explode during a demo?
My fellow Stanford grad’s new design for a syroscopic paper shredder does not work, I console him by reminding him of the three f’s, what are they?
In the example outbreak journal in the Zombie Survival Guide, where is the possible zombie outbreak located and where do the police send the initial dead to get an autopsy?
“Lil Dub Chefin’s” Source material’s source material played as what band took the stage on October 30th, 2008
Teenage Zombie Zack “Half Pipe” Boyd’s skateboarding skills have diminished because of what?
In the Undead and Philosophy: Chicken Soup for the Soulless, who prominently misquotes a line from a 2004 zombie movie?
What does Akward Zombie’s original character Ron say after being asked if he killed the neighbor’s kids again?
In the official left 4 Dead comic, it is revealed why the main characters never became infected. What is it?
In ‘missing bits’ special feature on the Shaun of the Dead DVD, what does Diane say dawned on her after running into the zombie hoarder using her boyfriend’s leg as a cudgel?
What is written on the inside of the door to the manager’s office at Adventureland?
In season 3 (episode 1) of Parks and Recreation Leslie Knope uses what abbreviation to greet her fellow co-workers?
What does the Lupe Tinello say after his owner tells him that the ‘candy’ he has been eating is actually crayons?
What is the title and the author of the story about a young woman who sleeps between her young dead husband and her young old husband?
In an irate letter to an irritating customer, the CEO of a successful direct-to-public refinery mentions returning the customer’s ziplock bag of “14-Karat gold nuggets” how were these nuggets acquired?
In the movie “Push” Dakota Fanning continually gets visions of her death. What animal always accompanies these visions?
Although the Great Midwest Trivia Contest has always taken heat from various places for the unorthodox nature of our questions and the even more unorthodox of players attempting to answer them, the 45th contest’s Super Gurruda, regarding the broken propeller award received more attention than usual. What East-Coast Professor reived phone calls regarding his involvement in the Walt Haag Memorial Broken Propeller Award?
What division of Williams Street is the branch directly under the Williams Street Morse Code Club?
What is the license plate number of the man that Herc pulls over after Bubbles gives him bad information?
During the 2008-2009 academic year, Girl Talk performed on campus. After the show, he asked for a pair of scissors. 1-why did he ask for scissors? And 2.-what was left behind after he used the scissors?
Bryce Courtenay’s first release book refers to St. John Burnham in the context his position as an antagonist of which famous comic character?
In 1990, Western Publishing Company released their second edition of the hit board game “Girl Talk”. It is a game of truth of dare in which girls ‘share special secrets’, ‘perform hilarious stunts’ and ‘win fantasy fortunes’! In the game, what does the lucky winner get a chance to do?
According to the English Version of the Leni Riefenstahl film Olympia, who was the first to jump in the 2.03 meter High Jump event in the 1936 Olympic Games?
Who is the inspiration for Pat Montesian, the manager of the half-way house in David Foster Wallace’s Infinite Jest?
Housed in the National Museum of Ireland or one of its extended branches, what 15th century artifact was present to hurling competitors for luck?
Only once in all of the three seasons of “RuPaul’s Drag Race” has a queen ever competed in two different seasons. Who is this queen?
In the musical “The Big Gay Musical”, a character named Dorothy sings a song whose ending is identical to a torch song sung by a character in what musical?
What famous gayzor has constructed a dress out of caramel corn?
Two gayzoric characters from “American Beauty” and “Brokeback Mountain”, respectively, appear together in which movie from the 90s?
A portion of a W. H. auden poem is used in the book “The Joy of Gay Sex”. What section of the book can it be found?
If a former Hour Member of the ballroom scene visited Chicago’s Boystown, which resturaunt’s title might be reminiscent of a vogue battle?
According to “Sex: A User’s Manual” what two soceities have accepted homosexuality as a normal aspect of sexuality?
According to the Dr. Charles Silberstein’s book, “The Joy of Gay Sex”, the subculture of homosexuals referred to as “bears” have their own code. Within the code, what does ‘et’ mean?
From what animals are the heads of chimaras 5,7, and 2 by Rosy England Fisher?
A study published in 1927 defines the slang term “to hook ‘em” as “to get drunks by the arm”. How does the same study define the slang term “shag”?
What is academic slang term for 1.2 milliseconds?
According to Chuck Sambuchino, what are the best breeds of perhaps the smartest addition to your home in order to prevent an invasion of garden gnomes?
According to Peter Dean Rickard’s most secretive subject, what is a Dan Castellaneta character “now doing”?
Carol and Tracy will not be submitted to what, thanks to Jeff Aronson?
Dan Lord gave away what to a lucky fan on January 1st, 1996?
Enrico Dini hopes to someday create buildings through D printing using what unexpected material?
What is Thor Harris’ third rule for how to tour in a band?
If Johnny Cash were reading the LOLcat bible, what would be the last lines of his song, “The Man Comes Around?
What are Anna, Lester, and Jeff’s reasons for wanting to quit repairing the computers that would Ensure Chuck Bartowski’s promotion to assistant manager?
According to an Australian publication which 3 nutritious items have been used in pepto-bismo like capacities for thousands of years?
The conductor whose recording of a piano concerto was featured on the front cover of BBC Music Magazine has a last name which translates to mean “what” in English?
In Snakeshead Terror, what does Amber use to get the snakehead fish that attaches to her arm off?
What does the CAPTCHA say in the webcomic rant about shopping cart design by Matthew, whose likes include gravity and whose dislikes include typhoons?
What name for a structural part of a ship is also an insulting and upsetting thing to do to a toilet?
Why should you not use the Ionic Breeze to filter the air around your Dungeon and Dragons rule books?
Cited by Joshua Piven and David Bogenicht what is Brady Geril’s third tip for surviving gunfire if you are the primary target?
what band exploded a goat on stage and played at “The Most Horrible Bowl of Nachos” on June 12th
In the 1970’s horror film featuring a skeleton dancing to a man eating piano, there is a painting of a cat who plays a major role in the storyline. According to the author who wrote an essay about the film for the Criterion Collection, whose artwork does this painting resemble?
What is the most commonly used stitch after post-mortem arterial injections?
In the book written by a kind, who was taught the rites of incantation,s when must the ritual of becoming the owner of a spirit’s treasure be performed and what does your oil need to be mixed with?
At the battle of Stalingrad some soviet soldiers were shot by their own men when they began to retreat during an offensive. What is the source of this WWII Red Army Policy?
How did the inventor of Victorian England’s most famous countermeasure for premature burial die?
what is The Warrior’s two part validation?
How does vagrant ‘Mitchy The Bug’ begin each day?
People named Lynn should do what on Wednesday Night Super Bingo at the Halifax Senior Center
In “Pussycat Vision” what disease do Kendal and Kylie think Bruce has?
What did Harmony Korine do and what happened to him on the last day of shooting his movie, Gummo, aside from filming?
What unconventional vegetable flavored soda has been around since the 1860’s and is the only one of its kind on the market?
Of the “60 gorgeous guys to choose from” in the classic board game “Heart Throb”, what is the name of the guy wearing a Florida Gator sweatshirt?
On NPR’s “Wait Wait Don’t Tell Me”, a veterinarian answered a multiple choice question about a man who served time in prison for distributing steroids to athletes. The question pertained to his former job. What were the incorrect answers of this question?
What brand of rolling papers are featured in a photo submitted to the High Times in August of 2010
An artist known for his contribution to a band whose guitarist worked on the film “Jurassic Park” also contributed to a book focusing on the effects of a certain hallucinogenic drug. In the book, the first two patients to receive doses of the drug coincidentally became attracted toward the same object during their first documented trips what was this attraction towards?
According to the man who has received awards from the New York Planning Commission for designing a playground for handicapped children, what joint is popular in Canada and is “perhaps the best but most difficult to make?”
If I saw Phish perform the song “Grinol” live n May 24th, 2009, what would the total sum of all the numbers sung add up to?
Rolling Stone caught a photo of Nas and Damien Marley in their tour bus smoking a joint and watching what?
According to a wildlife feature from BBC Worldwide on predator owls, the bird’s soft velvety feathers with serrated edges do what to the air?
On Pandora.com, what is listed as the 7th feature of the song “Because I got High” by Afroman?
In the “Grateful Dead Family Album” there is a page n which the origin of the name of the Grateful dead’s music publishing company is explained. Also on that page is a photo of the director of the publishing company. In this photo, who are the two people pictured on the wall?
In the Town, a literary creation of Murakami, what time does the defunct clock tower display?
According to Edgar Wright, if Imhotep is invisible, exactly how far from Lord Scotland is Jean standing?
According to John Keogh, what were Andrew W.K.’s last words?
What two items does Gob Bluth buy at Ancient Chinese Secret?
What is the slogan of Sani-Tours’ Paris express?
What are the first 3 episodes in which Old Kid is featured in Invader Zim?
In a scene where Agent Cooper refers to an event that happened in 1959, what words are erase? Also what was the event?
What is written on the sign hanging over the entrance of the hotel’s upper floor in Gozu, directed by Takashi Miike?
Although the GPS coordinates issued by Danney Archer in the 2006 film Blood Diamond do not actually exist, if one was to insert a decimal after the first 2 units on both coordinates, where would these new coordinates place a traveler (or in the case of the film, a helicopter)?
If you were to enter the code JLOP when ordering from Adventures unlimited Press. What book would you be ordering?
In the 1910 edition of the Werner Encyclopedia, VOl. XXIII, what is the first illustration on the page titled “Airships and Flying Machines”?
What animal is being ridden in the 10th panel of a 14 panel comic illustrating how to speak with customer service representatives?
When the Aqua Teen Hunger Force moves from their home, what do the pack in Boxy Brown?
According to the 3rd season of 30 Rock, with which demographics is TGS the most popular?
According to Max, the accidental writer-director of an independent film, “throwing up is never cool unless what?
Erik Bana’s character in the film Munich is once referred to by a mistaken name while on a job in London. If one were to call the first link by this name found on a standard Google search, what telephone number would you use? Include the Area Code.
How quickly is our galaxy moving towards the centarus?
Why is it ok to feed the dog, Joey, razorblades?
What is kato’s email?
In 2008, who had the most expensive US non-presidential campaign?
Discovered in April 2008, what is the faux cure for AIDS?
What does a drunken sailor do that Obama and Congress do not, when it comes to spending?
In the Stephen King novel for which a seemingly naked woman is seemingly doing the water sprinkler dance move , the very brief character whose last name is homonymous to a certain type of domesticated animal, gives what command?
According to humor columnist Dave Barry, what is Finland’s form of government?
What organization invited violist Rae Jenkins to conduct their annual festival in the Sheffild England City Hall, beginning in 1959?
Although Paula Deen made her name on The Food Network and through her lovely cookbooks, she has also acquired quite an internet following. In one particular youtube video, Paula and her guests take a traditional baked Italian pasta dish and place it between two halves of a loaf of bread. How many times during the video do Paula and her guest utter the words “mmm” & “ooh”?
For which three reasons does Paula Deen remind Drew’s mom of Father Christmas?
What do Paula Deen, Woody Allen, Shirley Jackson, & Kim Bassinger have in common?
For the recipe that Paula Deen describes as “so damn good” but which she also notes being tired of…which three dairy ingredients are used?
Paula Deen didn’t make any New Years resolutions “because [she’s] weak and it just sets [her] up for failute” She did make a few commitments though. Other than learning to use a computer and e-mail, what other commitment did Ms. Deen tell her friends in Los Angeles?
In one of Paula Deen’s x-mas episodes she mentions two types of female…what does she encourage the latter group to do?
Why does Paula Deen “love holiday cookie swap parties?
An L. L. C. claimed that of the videos produced for the company by Paula Deen were loaded with what?
Which Austrailian was so inspired by a 1949 book translated by Therese Pol that he created furniture based off of one of the author of this book’s signature ideas?
What is the brand and color name of the nail polish shown in the 10th advertisement in Taschen Books’ “60s Fashion” book.
Name two historic names for the twon lying on the 15th stop on the commuter service along the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad running west from Chicago.
In the 1992 film adaptation of the James Fenimore Cooper novel The Last of the Mohicans, Cora Monroe refers to the last name of the main character, Hawkeye. What, if this name is correct, would be Hawkeye’s full English name?
According to Brad Neely, what are the powers of Nick Flannel’s (pronounced like the shirt) invention?
What famous country singer shares her first name with a stuffed sheep who has a personality disorder?
An episode of “Monty Python’s Flying Circus” features a horse who shares its name with a character in “Monty Python and the Holy Grail” what is the last thing that the owner of the horse searches people for?
In season one of the TV show “Alias” Francine’s boyfriend sings a song at a bar. What is the name of the song?
The shoes worn by Wednesday in the David Letterman performance of “The Addams Family Musical”, are identical to the hsoes worn by a character in a recent Lawrence University Theatre Production. What is the name of the character who wore these shoes?
How does one say “political science” in Arabic?
What two jobs did Liz Lemon’s boss have while he attended college?
In “Official Titles of the Former Han Dynasty: An Index compiled by Rafe De Crespiguy” What title is listed below “Gentleman of the Feathered Forest Bearing an Umbrella”
In Jimmy Kimmel’s cameo in a Call of Duty Black ops promo, what phrase is written on his weapon?
What song do Crash and the Boys dedicate to Wallace Wells?
As a warrant for the arrest of a chronic drunk who disrupted a light saber duel was issued, what did the judge say?
Who created the pictures of golfers and “Joe” the card dealer, on display at the Gaylord, MI Arby’s?
What is the rhyming motto of Dawson City, Yukon’s grossest attraction?
What is the name of a recently reanimated elephant calf, and what does the mother’s name mean?
Where is Cotton Hill’s final resting place, and what are the 3 rules of the establishment? (off campus only)
The 132 Active members of the Trinity Officers Training Corps were presented with a small replica of what award after their participation in the first 7 days of the Easter Rising in 1916
In the Animal X episode about Thylacines, an animal caracass in found before the team of researchers are able to set up their camera traps according to Daniel Searle, how did this animal die?
In his top ten list titled “so good they made it thrice” how does Mark Cousins describe the Godfather trilogy?
According to Bob Leckie, what was the term coined by some marines on the Pacific front. For any running or festering sore?
In the booklet to the album, Impromtu, by The Bob Mamet Trio, who has the same name, with the exception of one letter, of an uncle to a trivia master who was on the fifth hour of this contest?
In a game traditionally plated on November 3rd and known for being scoreless sirece 1.909, What is the visiting team’s official name?
In the episode that Dennis breaks Dee’s lamp that her father got her from China, what does Mac’s shirt say while he and Dennis are trying to pick women up at the mall?
In the episode of Arrested Development, which features an Animatronic known as “Spinny the Clown”, there is a scene in the office of the gothic castle that has three framed portraits on the wall behind the desk. What is the name and title of the magician in the center portrait?
According to Comcast, how was the story of Frankenstein meant to be told?
What two women serving as first ladies are omitted from the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum’s placement featuring the presidents & ladies of the United States of America?
In Matt Bors fictional edited version of Art Spiegelman’s Maus, what are the Jews redrawn as, and how does Time describe this version?
Although no grammatically correct of correct in matters of syntax, the language of the Minions in Despicable Me is nevertheless a very complete creation. Which Minion, previously named in the film, makes the statement translated as “I am Gru, I have male pattern baldness and male pattern fatness”.
What product is recommended by Robery Haynes-Peterson for Freddy Krueger to address the problem of his “hauntingly f’d up face”
According to Worthnone, what community south of Stevens Point is poisoned by what structure?
Though lazy and docile for most of the year, the golden beasts of the town at the End of the World become fierce and fight once a year. For how long does this violence occur and at what time of year? (off campus)
When Cookie Monster appeared on Stephen Colbert’s “The Colbert Report”, Cookie Monster compared his cookie addiction to what actor?
An African cryptid said to have magical powers, and whose females can turn into beautiful women to lure men and eat them, was discovered to exist in 1847. What was this creature called before and after the 1847 discovery?
The Sacrilicious University of Useless Bullshit offers what comparable majors instead of Theology?
What does Golborth the evil dragon mage from Kentuckyonia have for teeth?
What mental image does memory man Ron White use to remember the number 6?
Which is the center-most of the buttons on the metronome with a brand the same as the ultimate, enemy-based challenge in a video game and a model number which is 5 whole numbers after the square of 5 and is prefixed with the letters “DB”?
What character description did the animators of the Nerd luck void have on his production sketch?
In a photo in which a part of Jeff Foxworthy’s face is photoshopped upside down, what is he holding in his right hand?
In chapter 7 of John Wesley White’s book The Man from Krypton, who “came in from outer space at inestimable speed?”
What is tattooed across the stomach of Boo Yaa T.R.I.B.E. member “Gawtti”?
Who is Lee Eduard’s (The Christian Con Man’s) Mavi Girl, after all?
According to a Cracked info graphic, why would a plane ticket cost 878 dollars?
A man known for revoicing public service announcement, collaborated with a comedy duo to overdub a Japanese TV series. Due to copyright laws, the show was never released. In the one viewable episode what scents are the man on Planet Xaxu’s mood candles?
According to the Lifetime Network, Amber is a real what?
What must one obtain for the ‘dressing test’ portion of Jaspal’s evaluation if someone is ready to have children?
What things does the hauntening fridge think are scaring?
When Google sued the United States of America in October 2010, who served the papers to Christopher Krafahek?
In “Mulan” two of the three guardians in the ancestor temple are clearly specific animals. What are the two animals?
When King Louie dances with Baloo in Disney’s “The Jungle Book” it is the exact same animation sequence seen in a different Disney movie. What are the names of two characters dancing?
In an old Disney book, Mickey receives some bananas in the mail; however there is a stowaway in the crate. What is his name?
In the original Disney movie “The Shaggy Dog” the main character’s love interest is a young woman. This actress sang a song with The Beach Boys in which she claims repeatedly to love who?
What two Disney songs are put together into a medley that acts as the ballad of the 2011 La Crosse Logan Class Act Showchoir show?
Which famous Broadway choreographer’s wife’s original competitive dance partner was the model for Prince Charming in Disney’s “Snow White and the Seven Dwarves?”
According to the play “Breaking the Code”, Alan Turing was quite fond of what fairytale?
In the video, “Confessions of a Disney Employee”, two different Disney songs are utilized. What are they?
In the holding room of the popular ride “Rockin’ Rollercoaster” in Disney’s MGM studios park, the riders watch a video hosted by the band Aerosmith. At the end of the video, one member can be seen doing what lewd gesture?
What will Matt Shepherd’s website do by 2058?
What dietary supplement had its main ingredient pulled because of meth related concerns during the 5 years between the events of a recent miniseries and its Showtime premiere?
What word can disc jockey John Peel not remember when introducing the band Melt-Banana?
What is the penultimate sentence included on the back of the most recent trivia documentary DVD cover?
What non-canon item does think geek say is issued to Starfleet Academy graduates whose uniforms are of the security/ops variety?
What title does Suzette Charles possess today that replaced the title she originally won in 1984?
In 1981, what company issued a special limited edition ceramic liquor bottle in the shape of a green-winged teal?
Why did the mammal choose the bird for the Secret Santa gift exchange?
One particular hobby of Jeff Bridges is photography. While on the set of “True Grit”, Jeff Bridges took a photo of Barry Peppers looking at himself in the mirror. What was Jeff’s description for the photo?
During this year’s MLK celebration in Lawrence’s Chapel, what are the lyrics of the only verse introduced as Ysaye Barnwell’s favorite verse?
Why did Monique wear that gardenia in her hair?
Rumors began surfacing about this persons sexuality when this person was seen canoodling while celebrating the wedding of Alicia Keyes and Swizz Beatz.
What is the seventh track on the April 2005 album of a musical artist with the same name as Valerian from Valerian and Laureline’s black friend?
This singer smoked cigarette after cigarette before performances to get the sound they desired. Unfortunately this ended their life at age 45.
What announcement associated with the “King of Retail” caused commotion in 2010, and where?
What question does Pastor Troy pose about those who are ecstatic that they’re going to heaven?
This man was a high school dropout, founded a company that was known for its “ballad-based blend of traditional black harmonies and gospel music with the best rhythm and blues” and was inducted in the rock and roll hall of fame.
The black person who sang in TJ Maxx’s holiday commercials last year, was featured on what show in the 90s?
Which fictional Tracy Jordan film do Jesse Schedeen and Phil Pirrello like to see produced before others?
What are the new patterns available for the slanket as of Sky Mall’s spring 2011 catalogue?
Who illustrated the “Paris in Edit” feature of Aeroports de Paris Magazine in the July-August 2010 issue?
On the cover of the children’s songbook Fun’n’Folk, what is the sword-toting frog carrying in his basket?
In the musical episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Willow has a solo during the song “Walk Through the Fire”, what does she think?
What was the original price of the 8-comic set that included a comic about two drug-using Disney characters and an African Shaman?
According to the BBC last year, what is the site of the fastest computer in the world made by Fujitsu? Give the processor speed also.
As the Green Hornet and Kato tried (and failed) to order some chicken tenders, what company’s vehicle did they hit with 2 missiles?
What does the notepad that Bear tato gets “oh boy’s” autograph say on it, pre-autograph?
If you cannot choose what thing for sale the David Horvitz will mail you, what does he say you should take into consideration and what thing would the person considering this purchase?
Which “homeboys serving time” does Ganxsta Ridd thank in the cassette liner notes of the album New Funky Nation?
During William Primrose’s 1st full season with the London String Quartet, he secretly burnt his left hand immediately preceding a performance. What pieces were played during this concert?
In the second to last advertisement in Paste Magazine’s June/July 2010 issue, what does the Wall Street Journal have to say about the product?
What are the names of the rabbis who presented at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom on August 28th, 1963, and what organizations did they represent?
To whom was Newbury Award Winning author referring when he wrote that he loves him “unshakably, unquestioningly, as one does a parent”?
During his work on Superman: Red Son, artist Dave Johnson “got a lot of crap” from his friends for adding what to Batman’s costume?
In Jeff Loes and Tim Sales Batman: The Long Halloween, a serial killer commits his crimes on Holidays. Each chapter is named for these holidays except for two chapters when the killer strikes at Halloween. When combined, the titles of the chapter form an allusion to a novel by what author?
In the storyline in which Bruce Wayne trains under Lady Shiva to take back Gotham City, what are the five attributes to the “way of the wild beast”?
After performing surgery on Bruce Wayne, Thomas Elliot is shown in front of an issue of the Daily Planet. Besides Bruce Wayne’s, what are the other three names that can be read on the front page of the issue?
In the Batman Forever Battle at the Big Top 3-D board game, what words are printed on the Two-Face battle coin besides “WIN”, “LOSE” and “COPYRIGHT 1995 DC”
For Grant Morrison’s “ARkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth”. Writer Jim Clements suggested that the Joker have a beard in order to allude to what Freudian Theory?
On Dec. 11 th, 2004, Mushtrarig Madrahimova from Uzbekistan visited the Capitol building in Madison and signed the guest book. What were her comments?
What unexpected treat do the adult patrons of Barbershops in Portland, OR receive with their haircuts?
What act is forbidden by the first of the pool-room commandments at Reed College?
The label of kiwi-strawberry vitamin water warns consumers to keep their eyes peeled or else what?
The Omaha Railway Station at Milepost 87 had an extraordinary large crowd one day in August 1917. What company was the crowd gathered to see?
How many gallons of milk does Schreiner’s restaurant in Fond du Lac use every year?
Who owns the rights to the Wisconsin state song, “On, Wisconsin”?
When Doc Watson’s father saw him fooling around on a guitar his brother had borrowed he told young Doc “Son, learn to play me a song on that thing by the time I get back from work and I’ll get you a guitar Saturday.” What song did Doc Watson play for his father when he returned from work that day to earn him his first guitar?
According to a novel based on the adventures of Mayberry’s lovable veteran Gomer Pyle, USMC, what did the general discover in a box of grenades?
In a letter dated June 20, 1996, Harriet Miers thanked then-governor George W. Bush for inviting her to a celebration on June 10th. Her letter was written on a card featuring a picture by what photographer?
How does the Sarracenia leucophylla plant lure insects into its pitcher/tube?
How much was Josh Baskin’s first pay check in the movie BIG, and what denomination of coins and dollars did he request to have it broken into at the bank?
According to Phillip-Morris, what is the most consumed product behind Marlboro cigarettes?
I once dressed an Amish man up as E.T. Another time I saw a young man barf the words “ I exist” into alpine snow. Who created me?
Labor leader John Lewis shares his middle name with what Lawrence University staff member? Warning: spellings differ slightly.
This chain of stores, found at practically every mall, was named 53 on Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to work for in 2006?
What is written on the metal tab on the bottom of the object patented 3630428?
In 2000, what was the world’s most widely viewed TV series and which two characters of the TV series Friends, rated this TV show as their favorite?
According to “America”, where is the highest hooker- to-horny-teen ratio in the Western Hemisphere?
What has the publisher emeritus of “America’s Finest News Source” bequeathed to Standish, his manservant?
Which two animals provide ingredients to Junior Mints?
What was the first product to be mentioned on-air as a sponsor of Monday Night Football on ABC?
In the children’s book Wind Rose, what does the mother tell Wind Rose on page 8?
Who’s face appeared on an ad endorsing Vin Mariani, an alcoholic drink that contained cocaine?
In November of 2005, the father of a Lawrence professor published a book through University of Chicago. In that book, something is posited to be the smallest unit of the book’s subject matter. What is the name of the man who wrote a poem about that unit?
Shaun of the Dead co-star Jessica Stevenson was in another show where a man hunting zombies points a shotgun at her. What is the name of that show?
In Attack of the Killer Tomatoes, what finally does in the killer tomatoes?
In the movie “Mr. Ice Cream Man”, after Jeff pays the check for his first date with Sam, what interesting first- date fact does Sam tell him?
In the 1985 classic, “the Stuff,” how is the stuff discovered?
The only black character in 1985 classic “The Stuff” is named what?
In the movie “The House that Screamed,” who ding- dong-ditches the main character as he takes a bath in the haunted house?
The Lawrence class of 1901 proudly wore class colors of pink and maroon. What was their class yell?
According to the Weekly World News, what boon does a spaghetti bath confer?
How does Suudsu taste?
Who owns the gun used in Dr. Gonzo’s side?
The Connecticut Yankee used blasting powder and a lightning rod to detonate a stone tower belonging to whom?
On which letter page of the book Animalia is the bible pictured? And name two foods are featured on this page?
Edward Wolff III might have some good advice if you’re concerned about inhaling vapor containing old saliva and lubricants, a phenomenon known by what colloquial name?
Who is the only actress to play a mother in two major motion pictures that feature defenestration of a bust of Sigmund Freud?
American age 14-19 are 74 times more likely to have what characteristics than Dutch youth?
Where does Noble Spirited Barnes live, according to the 1897 Ariel?
In a speech given this fall by a current Trivia Master, what did Jill Beck supposedly comment about women at Lawrence University?
Carter Little Liver Pills claim to wake up what part of the body. Be specific.
For those of you who are still in 8th grade lined up against the wall waiting for someone to ask you to dance, Tohuko University has got something for you! What is it?
Want to write on poop? Victor and Daniel are letting you do it. What’s their slogan?
How does They Might Be Giant describe their 1 min 19 sec song “For Science”?
What 3 occasions does Lawrence University cite as times when campus doors might need to be locked when they otherwise wouldn’t be?
In the movie Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, where was the man from that had created a counterfeit golden ticket?
In the horror movie “Uncle Sam”, the titular character is shot by a cannon, and he is not only not killed but he is not even injured. What finally does him in?
According to the classic book, “Lutheran Chuch Basement Women” what is customarily served with fish at Lutheran gathering?
What is the last tenet of the code of scientology?
How did the Chinese pirate leader Ya-tsung persuade male captive to join his pirate ranks?
In what year did Jay’s potato chips change their name, what did they change it from, and why did they change it?
What three alternative names did the Potts children propose for Truly Scrumptius in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang?
In The Godfather, there are several scenes where the members of the Corleone family are drinking a clear, homemade alcoholic drink. What is it?
I love money! Money money money money money!! If I had one dollar, how many ways could I make change for that dollar?
What is the catchphrase associated with the only soda that shares a name with and all-natural, organic fertilizer?
What is Carl’s address as given on his driver’s license in the episode Moonities 3: Remooned”?
What country has the most dense road networks, more than double those of Malta- the 2nd on the list at 7.1 km of road per km2 of land area?
In 1992, Jeff Koons created a sculpture that was exhibited for its first time in New York and was later dismantled and displayed in Sydney. What was this sculpture called and what was the media Koons used?
Who wore uniform number 24 on the Lawrence cross country team in the fall of 1963?
If he decided to gaze Northwest from his all-but-uninhabited island, what other island would Robinson Crusoe see?
What was the nickname of the ship “Nesta Senora de la Concepcion”?
On August 17, 1862, Little Crow attended the Episcopal Church at the Lower Agency, who delivered the sermon?
According to the Muskie Doctors, what is there no known cure for?
According to Carole Wagner of Ivyland, PA, how does one “add spicy drama to any food”? I need a quote
What was the title of the book written by President Bush’s first nominee for the FDA?
In volume 4 of Make magazine =, there are instructions for making a cigar box guitar. What substitute is suggested if you can’t get a cigar box?
What was the SuperBowl slogan for Coca-cola in 1980?
In November 1864, the grate Civil War battle of Franklin cost the lives 2,326 Union and 6,261 Confederate soldiers. What now stands on that spot today to commemorate that battle?
What kind of service would you receive if you eat at 1726 Ballad Rd. Appleton?
What is the Kelly Blue Book value of the older of the 2 Lawrence Security SUVs? Also please name the vehicle. Please assume the given settings, average mileage and excellent condition on the Kelly site.
In the 1920’s, a Minnesota man began publishing a newspaper that, by the next decade, would fundamentally alter the limits of the first amendment as interpreted by the Supreme Court. What was the man’s name, and what was his badass newspaper called? Hint: think hardware.
What was the first official women’s sports team at Lawrence and what year was it organized?
What was the name of the invention that made NAvin R. Johnson a millionaire in the movie The Jerk?
If Millipede envies that snake, the snake envies the wind, the wind envies the eye and the eye envies the mind, who envies the millipede?
What does the US Fancy White Honey from Honey Acres contain? Be specific!
Evo Morales, the newly elected Bolivian president, visited Spain, China and South Africa apparently didn’t want to change his clothes. What article did he wear and what colors was it?
According the Billy Bitzer, during the filming of “The Birth of a Nation”, how could Bitzer tell from D.W. Griffith’s body whether or not a scene had gone well? If you don’t know, you might consider asking Ann Warren. She may or may not know, or even be alive. We really never thought to research her much.
On Saturday NL shown on Jan 7, 2006 on local NBC, what 2-word city appears on the schedule for track 20?
What does John T. Lawrence ask of people who have a spiritual hunger that sets them apart and of those who yearn for a greater freedom and a more meaningful life through self-expression?
In 2000, this album had been the biggest-selling hard rock album in the UK since 1978 with 472 weeks on the UK album charts. Name this artist and his real name.
Why did Lola Montez refuse sex to the viceroy of Poland?
How much was one “pieces of eight” valued in England in 1644?
In a recent Cellcom ad, the front page has a fill-in-the- blank that reads: “The power to be ______ is in your hands.”
Which company ran an ad campaign in 1878 depicting such fantastic scenes as “The Pursuit of Diva Nicotina” and “The Peerless Pilgrimage to Saint Nicoine of the Holy Herb”?
In the magical world of Narnia there is a lamppost. How did it get there?
What did Ashton Kutcher wear 42 different types of in 2003?
The man reportedly responsible for discovering Lynyrd Skynyrd was in a pop group out of New York beforehand. What obnoxiously popular song put this group on the map?
In the Nickelodeon show The Adventures of Pete & Pete, who creates the Orange Lazarus?
The man the George W. Bush first named to head the office of Personnel Management was formerly dean of what school?
In the Dec 15 1802 edition of the Richmond Examiner, what future president took out an advertisement, and what did it announce?
In Joseph Cinque’s Nov 6, 1841 letter to John Quincy Adams thanking the former president for his successful legal presentation of the Amistal captives, what Biblical passage does Cinque cite in closing?
What mock-regal epithet did detractors hurl at President John Tyler?
Why did Judge David Davis call Abraham Lincoln, then a prolific lawyer to task for a “breach of decorum” impugning Lincoln for indiscretion?
What March 27th 1845 document was signed by two successive US presidents and had as its subject the US president who would succeed them?
What do you call a mixture of raw starch and cold liquid used to thicken a sauce?
Who introduced the use of the fork and napkin the France?
What famous chef was known as the Emperor of the world’s kitchens?
Where did Boss Tweed eat his last meal before going to prison for 204 counts of misdemeanor charges?
What is the secret ingredient of Martha Stewart’s Apple Dandies?
What process did the Incas use to prepare potatoes for storage?
What do the 100 folds in a chef hat signify?
According to the ultra-reliable author Jose Conseco, who is the only major league baseball star who remained faithful to his wife?
According to a book published by Gideon Defoe on April 30th, 2005, Charles Darwin was persecuted by the Bishop of Oxford for what theory?
At the OPNAD Contribution Study Committee meeting in Jun 1977 McDonalds decided to increase the weight of their burger patties, According to the subsequent report how much did they plan to increase the weight by?
In “How Tom Beat Captain Najork and his Hired Sportsmen” what is Tom’s aunt’s name, what type of hat does she wear, and what did she make him do after dinner?
What company’s commercial was the first to be broadcast on ABC’s Monday Night football?
According to 8 bit betty, when I say Nintendo, you say ?
During the composition of his 1882 opera Parsital, Wagner insisted on soaking in a tub for hours on end for inspiration. With what was the tub scented?
What does the “Snake-swallowing-an-elephant” picture in the The Little Prince have to do with traffic in France? Be specific.
According to the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles action figures, not those new crappy ones, what does Donatello like to do after a tough battle?
According to Carmen Sandiego board game, which 2 places were involved in potato trading in the 1500’s?
This just in! Some hooligans have babynapped Tommy Pickles! Authorities speculate that the babynappers made a mistake. Who’s baby were the babynappers intending on babynapping and what is this person’s house number?
What date is Spongebob’s 47th attempt to get his boating license?
A Wisconsinite sings a popular song about exploding things. What does he say the letter J stands for?
In Independence Missouri in the 1800’s, according to Oregon Trail, 3rd edition, what are your first three tasks or options before setting out on the trail?
According to Dr. Bronner, people should only employ what two cosmetics?
According to Abdu’l – Baha, the son of Baha’u’llah, the founder of the Baha’I religion, what is the “Greatest Name”?
This candidate in the North Carolina State University student body presidential elections last spring supported such platforms as “ridding the campus of scurvy dogs” and “holding meetings that are open to all landlubbers”?
In the movie Kicking and Screaming who was the first Tigers player to score a goal?
What enticing words would you look for if you were driving down the Hwy 26 and wanted to exit onto State Hwy 212?
Name the artist and title of the music Bob Dylan is speaking of in the following quote: “…it was melodic, but then again, it sounded like a lot of burping and belching and other bodily functions. It was funny – sounded almost like a cartoon.”
What is the stabilizing 4th ingredient as Roundy’s brand original soft pasteurized cream cheese?
It is already May and you are playing in the 80th semiannual Williams College trivia contest on WCFM. The clock strikes 11:45 on Friday and the running team comes on the air and asks, “What is the name of the battle during which Ladislaus III, King of Poland and Hungary, died while fighting Ottoman Turks led by Sultan Murad II?” What do you answer?
Constantine Brumidi designed practically all of the wall, ceiling and floor art in the US Capitol Building. Where and on what did he hide his face?
What is the name of the song clip written about the “flying submarine” animal?
To which country does the following national anthem belong? [play clip]
What is the regular feature in American Rifleman that reports on regular people using guns to fend off assailants?
How much would cab fare be, considering light traffic, traveling more than 6 miles per hour, and without tip, in NYC, from NBC studios in Times Square to FAO Schwartz at 1 am on a Thursday morning?
What was the inspiration for the Empire State building and who proposed it?
Where was WI located 430 million years ago?
The Ricardo Gay modeling agency represents one female Israeli model. What is her name?
Twenty years ago an annual alternative to a Christmas party for Jewish singles began. In 2004 one of these parties took place at Club Boca in Florida. What is the name of this party?
In the Ashkenazic schooling tradition, what substance is smeared on the letters of the torah and what is this meant to symbolize?
What children’s tv show featured an ill-tempered dinosaur that would read aloud foul poems to the young guests?
According to the book The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Understanding Judaism, what is the etymological explanation for the word Yarmulke?
Kareen Abdul-Jabbar and his ex-wife loved kosher food. What did they say of kosher food in relation to Wisconsin city?
According to the book The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Understanding Judaism, there are 32 fringes on a certain gift given to grooms. What is this gift and what does the number 32 represent?
What famous chef was known as the “King of Chef and the Chef of Kings”?
What geological theory, which was considered bunk even in the late 18th century, had Goethe, the famous writer, among its champions?
Haley Joel Osment made a special guest appearance on “Walker Texas Ranger.” What was his character’s name and what is he dying from?
If your bitch can roll with a thug, wipe up the blood and roll in the mud with your other ducks, who is she?
What Santa-Maria native won a scholastic magazine gold Key award for art in 1954?
In her quest for what she called a “Universal Malodor” Pam Dalton for the Monell Chemical Senses Center encountered two stenched, which she claimed “transcended culture.” The first was standard bathroom odor (i.e. fecal matter). What was the name of second stench?
Send at least one player to LSO concert. They must sit as far in the front as possible.I. Acknowledge vocal quartet with “Bravo”II. Give “New England Trypitch” a standing ovationIII. Give student concerto flowers after second half
Who is Mr. Jump’s famous relative?
Of the first 1000 numbers classified in alphabetical order, what is the last one?
In Dante’s Inferno, who were the three people confined to the deepest level in hell?
In the playstation 2 game “We Love Katamari”, what, when rolled up, increases your Katamari by 1 meter 63 centimeters and 7 millimeters?
In front of the Tribune tower, there is a monument to Harry Caray. In front of the monument there are several rows and columns of commemorative bricks. What is engraved in both the bottom left and bottom right brick?
Vivienne cost just $6 a month. Where can you find her?
What does “Het” mean in the name “Het Museum” in Cedar Grove, Wisconsin?
What event in 1969 led to the creation of the Seafood Blend genre of drinks?
In HBO series, Six Feet Under, what were Billy Chenowith and Clair Fisher’s online screen names?
A New Zealand youth was covered in the contents of a shipping container he broke into last year. What was in the container?
What happened On Christmas Eve, 1865 for the last time in Ottilie Assing’s life?
Appleton Public Library Classics guide describes which novel as having the main character act with “dignity and humanity”?
If you’re related to the Orange Clean Lady, and someone tells you, “It was filled with cleaner. That is dangerous for a child to be eating!” How do you reply?
A whiskey fix is much like a whiskey sour, except the sugar is replaced by what?
In 2005, how much money did Andrew Fischer receive for the rental of his forehead, and under what screen name was it purchased?
What three-credit honors physics seminar did George R. Plitnik teach at Frostburg state University in the fall of ’03?
If you were to look at the cover of the Grateful Dead’s Live from the Mars Hotel in the mirror and upside down it would reveal the name of the rock band fronted by what contemporary politician?
Who was the manager and booking agent for the short- lived British rock band “Jaded” in early 70’s?
With 30 frets and an extra wide fingerboard what instrument enhanced feedback in order to make finger tapping or “fretting” its primary function?
In Daniil Kharm’s short story “The Cashier”, what causes the curious crowd to turn its attention away from the dead cashier holding a mushroom?
In e e cumming’s fourth non-lecture what is the eternal question and immortal answer which he cites?
NAME THAT TUNE! [play clip]
In Alexander Vvedensky’s “Christmas at the Ivanov’s” what does Sonya plan to do that causes the nurse to chop off her head?
What 3 former Cardinals have plaques hanging in Yankee stadium?
In 1940, who was the receptionist of New York’s Museum of Modern Art’s Film Library?
During the Comedy Central Roast of Pamela Anderson, Courtney Love joined Anderson onstage for moral- support. Which of comedian Sarah Silverman’s insults, directed towards Love, stunned the rowdy crowd into a pained silence?
According to Josephine, how did Napoleon like his sex? He liked it like a certain type of professional.
According to recent Vanity Fair article, what response does Lindsay Lohan have for people who ask her “Are you okay?”
In 1720, the Spanish settlers in attempts to establish missions and military posts in Eastern Texas, mistakenly armed the Missouri Indians who they mistook for their allies, the Osages. The Missouris turned around the next day and killed all the Spainards except the priest who they captured and humiliated by making him do what?
If I have 5 cups brown sugar, 2.5 cups milk, salt, a cube of sweet butter, some nuts and 6 ounces of another ingredient, what am I making and whose recipe is it?
What patriotic rock star has his own brand of beef- jerky?
If Hitler and Stalin cannot make a deal, then, according to Stalin, who could?Schicklgruber and Dzhugaskavili
On March 4th, 1981 President Reagan signed a finding that provided backing for which country’s dissidents?
On June 6th, `998 which pop group became the first female group to enter the UK charts at number 1 and what was their debut single?
According to Gob Bluth, what kinds of girls win 2nd place in beauty pageants?
In the formerly popular TV show what is the full name of the character who was replaced 3 times throughout the shows history?
In the recent release entitled “My Jews” David Berman and Will Oldham take part in a series of interviews regarding their fabled collaborated album “Silver Palace.” What colorful epithet does Berman bestow upon their anxious fans during one of their interviews?
If I were eating a fricassee that included brains honey, vinegar, fish, pickles and ouzo, what would I be eating?
What message is painted on the ceiling of the capital in Austin, TX?
According to the book the complete Idiot’s Guide to Understand Judaism, how often should camel drivers engage in sex and how often should sailors engage in sex?
What ska band and Washington state high school yearbook have the same name?
In “The Matrix” what information is inscribed on a plate about the Nebuchadnezzar’s construction and name?
In the movie “What about Bob?” why did Bob divorce his wife?
You live in spiral conical shell, abiding quietly amongst the eelgrass, kelp and other seaweeds. Your body is a humble grayish color and though you ne’er make a sound, certain monks find you offensive. What are you?
In the episode “Parasites Lost” of Futurama what is the green tanker with alien language on it transporting while traveling down Historic Route route 66?
What is the technical name for when humans eat an actual honey – producing bee for a meal course, rather than the honey itself?
According to the book No Turning Back: the History of Feminism and the Future of Women what was the title of the book that “exemplified the self-help theme of second-wave feminism by defining women’s medical needs on women’s own terms”?
If I were concerned that there might be incorrect information about Andre the Giant on this website who would I tell?
In the 1975 the Milwaukee Brewers left training camp with an added sense of confidence. This was due largely in part to the club’s lifting the ban on what?
What was Godfrey Gordon Gustavas Gore’s only vice?
Then-future president Thomas Jefferson, as an attorney, authorized a stock transfer for Thaddeus Kosciuske, a Polish patriot of the Revolutionary War. Who signed on as a legal witness to the transaction?
In the 1979 film “10” actor Dudley Morre plays a songwriter George Webber. What does this character’s personalized license plate say and what kind of car is it?
Whose caricature appears on the T-shirt of the 22nd annual Great Midwest Trivia Contest?
What was Edwar Filbey’s Distinguishing Quality, according to the 1901 Ariel, LU’s yearbook?
According to Isaac Watts poem “Let Dogs Delight to Bark and Bite” what were the children’s hands not made for?
Who was the first person to be portrayed on a lunchbox?
In August 1861, free black steward William Tillman’s boat was captured by confederate privateers. What was the boat culled that was captured, and what boat captured it?
In “Student Health and Wellness” magazine, what is the fifth listed long-term side effect of marijuana use?
On “That 70’s Show” what does Mrs. Forman suggest that Hyde sell for the garage sale that gives him the idea to sell pot brownies instead?
At a phish show on June 22, 1994 guitarist Trey Anastasio said, “Even if you’re playing in the NBA finals and you’re leading by 5 points, it doesn’t do any good if you didn’t start with one special thing.” What “special thing” was Try talking about?
On DVD version of Dazed and confused (1993) the special features section includes a short called the Blunt Truth. According to this short what 2 names will people start call you if you become addicted to marijuana?
A boy at school gave me a free pencil. It is from the Neenah PD. It says “Helping Kids Make Good Choices” which is accompanied by another logo, further explaining their purpose. Finish the logo: Drug free, Smoke free, _____”?
According to a 1968 issue of The Lawrentian what was the nickname given to the area along the Fox River due to increasing drug trafficking?
In alphabetical order, what are the first four drugs (not including alcohol) mentioned in the book Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
What did Pasty Keep asking while his band traveled through Kansas listening to “Dark Side of the Moon”?
What is “Ax’ em” director and star Michael Mfume’s nickname, as listed in the movie? You must spell it out.
According to the book No Turning Back: the History of Feminism and the Future of Women one female musician heroines such as Sojourner Truth in one of her music videos. Who is this artist and what is the song title?
Who introduced Sherlock Holmes to Doctor Watson when Holmes was looking for a roommate for his famous house on Brown Street?
Translate the following: kareshi ippai irun-darou
On September 17, 1871 at the opening of the Nunnemacher Opera house in Milwaukee what opera was performed?
How does Bart Simpson spell “success”?
Why did God give Earth the Walm?
Doggy style = Hey Jude Missionary Position = Stairway to Heaven Reverse Cowboy = Like a Virgin What new invention can make these kind of combinations possible?
In the Parent’s Guide of the Boy Scout Handbook, eleventh edition, what is the Ninth listed alternative to abusing your child?
What was the original title of the movie “Clerks”?
Whose artwork is on the labels of Flying Dog Beer?
Creation is here considered “only those things which a man or men as a spirit can make or think.” What is the lowest order of creativity?
Who were the first guests to appear on WHBY’s Good Neighbor Show?
On the back of a $5 bill one can see 26 of the 50 United States on the top of the Lincoln Memorial. Cool huh? Which of those states recently had anti-sodomy laws repeals?
According to the June 2004 edition of O:the Oprah Magazine what is sex like to men?
Lou and Adam read a dialogue
What excretory system cleansing product will lead you to release a substance that this company calls “the rope”?
What baked good company also owns some women’s intimate apparel and controlled 32% of the U.S. bra market in 2000?
Your screen name is “BrittanySpears14” and you’ve just told your cybersex partner “I take our pants, slowly, and massage your muscular physique.” How do you reply?
What is the name of the bugle call played before a horse race?
In 1956, Adlai Stevenson ran against Dwight D. Eisenhower for the Presidency of the USA. And he lost. Loser. While touring for support Stevenson had dome tribulations with the campaign trail. What were his gripes?
How do the “Bears” mourn the loss of their owner Ted Denslow?
What is next in this sequence: unu, du?
In what U.S. airport did Professor Boyd ride the monorail/train for hours to keep her children entertained during a layover?
According to Bobby Mercer, trying to hit Phil Niekro’s knuckleball is like what?
As the year 2000, both the longest continuous theatrical run and the longest running comedy occurred in the same country. Name these plays and the country.
Who is the first character in the Hebrew Bible to make wine?
What do more Norwegians read than any other country in the world?
What is the inscription in the foyer of the CIA headquarters in Longley, Virginia? From this inscription, the Agency gets its inspiration and commitment to excellence.
At the end of the “Champagne Supernova” video by Oasis, what word is one of the Gallagher brothers spelling?
A 1993 release from the child rap duo Kriss Kross depicted the two rappers emerging from a ominous looking cloud. What scene was depicted in the original photo and what date was it taken?
Please translate this line from the Lord’s Prayer, as found in “Rappin’ with Jesus”: And lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil.
What Frederick Douglass delivered an address at Harper’s Ferry, what notable attorney shared the platform with him, and why was that attorney notable?
At the Appleton West Applebee’s what does the very large white striped sign on the west interior wall say?
According to Maria Monk, what was the punishment for nuns of the Black Nunnery who could not answer a question out of the catechism?
In the HBO series, Six Feet Under, what was the title of the book that was written about Brenda Chenowith when she was a young girl?
When Peter and Lois try to have another bundle of joy in their life, Stewie gets a tad jealous and tries to intervene. He proceeds to attack Peter’s sperm with a ship he hides in his secret room. What is the passcode to Stewies’ secret ship hiding room?
What did Sister Francis, SSND, publish in April of 1982?
What is the last item on Marge’s list of reasons to ban Itchy and Scratchy?
In the free trial version of viqua games’ “Thomas and the Magical Words” what is the 3rd listed definition of the word “sac” in survival mode at the crystal cave.
Research the History of, and act out, the creation of an existing holiday. Your presentation must be as accurate as possible. Though entertainment is valued. Prof. Kern to judge.Off-Campus only
What is the most common way for Argentines to commit suicide according to the Lonely Planet Guide to Argentina?
What on Appleton’s Wisconsin Ave. is exactly 13 feet, 10 inches high?
A stellar folk/fusion group called Northern Lights has broken up. But one member has started a new educational music/environmental project. What is it called?
Alcohol is known as the water of life in many languages. Tell me how they say it in French, Swedish and Gaelic.
The cozy restaurant and pub Puutorian Vessa in Turku, Finland is located in a building that, for 50 years, served as what?
What is the street address of Quikstop clerk Dante Hicks?
Of the 3 cocktails mentioned in the book “Lutheran Church Basement Women” which two contain tomato substrates?
Which two trivia masters went to elementary school together and which school was it?
You are playing a deck based on bullwhip, and your opponent just played swat on your favorite 4-mana creature. What do you do in reponse?
What is Abraham Lincoln’s nickname for Cleopatra’s left boob?
The two men who founded Portland, OR each have a street named after them in the city. Those streets both run East-West, and are separated by three streets. Name the three streets that separate the founders’ streets.
According to author Dai Griffiths, what song lengthened to 7 minutes 20 seconds in order to beat “MacArthur Park” as longest single, was “over after two minutes”?
What west-coast city of about 45,000 people had to rebuild 4/5 of its buildings after the great fire of 1945?
According to a 1958 “Ripley’s Believe it of Not” article, what did Allen Bradley of Washington Island WI let Ranson Call, a 215 lb man, do to him?
According to the liner notes on its DVD, what TV show claims that as many as 89% of its audience on any given week is assumed to be totally high?
Adolescent suicide is the subject of the one recent study by Robin Everall, et. al. What is this study’s title?
One of the oddest yet most poignant moment of Richard Milhaus Nixon’s presidency was his early-morning visit to protestors at the Lincoln Memorial, a visit that was enshrined with a surplus of subtext in Oliver Stone’s Nixon. Oliver Stone, though, is a liar, so we’re asking about the real event, so you can stop Googling Oliver Stone. After Nixon and his servant Marple Sanchez left the building of the White House that morning, what did the Secret Service agent who spotted them radio to a colleague?
Over this last Christmas break, Sargento donated a number of packages to St. Bernard Parish in New Orleans, LA. What did the packages contain?
In the January 27, 2004 issue of the Weekly World News, what phrases can be said to test if your spouse is an Emergency Response Android?
What was the first Town of the Week to be featured on Michael Feldman’s Whad’Ya Know?
What is the name of Friend’s first featured actor who later played Pheobe Buffay’s brother
According to Freud, why did “the wolfman” have to leave the circus? Why was this peculiarly hypocritical? “The Wolfman” was a kid.
How do you properly open a box of Annie’s Homegrown Alfredo shell’s and Cheddar?
What horror RPG broke ground in that genre 2 years before D &D’s Ravenlof came out?
The bootleg album “Spunk” by the Sex Pistols surfaced at the same time as the band’s official debut album. What magazine first reported on “Spunk”?
In the Star Wars universe, what youth gang’s symbol is a cross inside a triangle?
A September 16, 1970 flight had Grateful Dead producer John Cutler playing Chess against whom?
What were the first 2 Atari games to be based on movies?
What rock band has been called “the riches vandals in the world”?
What two characters from the cult classics written/directed by Kevin Smith were featured in Scream 3?
According to Fromer Astro Pitcher Jim Bonton, what is the “beaver-shooting capital of the world”?
Who was on the payroll of the New Peal’s Alien Property Office and the New York J. Henry Schroeder Bank?
What did RENT’s casting director Bernard Telsey write about Wilson Heredia’s audition in his casting notes?
I just clicked on an up arrow and it made a red sign blow blow a grenade into a door. What must I do next?
The 1806 Webster’s dictionary offers what definition for “mint julep”?
What was the only vodka-based drink on Esquires’s “10 Best Cocktails on 1934” list?
What is the only mixed drink to go before a Supreme Court?
You’re at your favorite bar for an after-work drink, and the place is pretty empty. You place your order but the bartender just stares at you blankly. “What did you say?” she asks. You repeat your order even louder this time. “Huh?” she replies, “Speak up. “ So you repeat your order even louder, but the bartender still can’t hear you. Finally, you scream out your order, and the bartender finally hears you and makes your drink. What did you order?
According to an 1806 article in the “Balance and Columbian Repository”, what ingredients make up a cocktail?
Name the drink that has these ingredients: Cocculus indicus, wine, turkey opium, cayenne pepper, rum
In which of Gary Regan’s cocktail families does a margarita belong?
What are the only two American whiskey distilleries that use barrels with the greatest possible amount of char?
In Nov-Jan 1965 issue of Thirteen, Henry asks Val to stare at his house from the sidewalk for ten minutes. What does Henry hope to gain from this strange request?
A current Lawrence student was part of a group thanked in the liner notes of trey Anastasio’s CD “Shine”. What is the name of this group and what does Trey thank them for?
In the Rugrats Passover special which character played the Pharoah?
What was the amount of money that was awarded to each plaintiff as the result of the product liability lawsuit in the movie the Jerk?
In “Sudden Birth” a film strip made to help police officers deal with encountering unexpected birth, a live birth takes place. What is the name of the baby graphically born in this film?
What do those scrambly lettered mean to Trivia master Sarah? (Don’t read: EOUENOSSRDYYATTS)
According to “The Seed Principle” distributed by St. Matthew’s Church my purse was suddenly filled with what?
Sam : Princeton :: CJ : ?
This year, an American holiday will fall on the 16th day of the month of Shevat on the Jewish calendar. What is this American holiday?
The following prayer will clear away any dark energies, entities, or forces in your aura. What is the name of this prayer? Kadish, akadish, adonigh, eight eight eight, yod, eight eight eight. Adonigh vomeer Zohar el-o-heem eight eight eight, yod. Kaballa vomeer, alpha kudish, omegas kodish, yod hey vov hey. (phonetic)
When Thunder Bay Press asked late author of “The Coat Pocket Bird Book”, John Gillette, for a biographic, what were the last two sentences of his reply?
Sing us the “Chica Cherry Cola” song. How about the chorus?
What does the Dallas/Ft. Worth airport call their monorail train while describing it as a “new era of convenience for airport guests connecting between terminals”?
Who, upon learning that dogs were banned from Cambridge University, acquired a tame bear instead, housing it in the turret of his college rooms?
Mark Fox produced an audio journal and sold it as a track on a record. What is the entry for the 28th of December?
Because the Integrated Pest Management margin of error is so high, Dr. Marion Ellis says it is not usually necessary to shock the colony. What, then, is his recommendation in regards to levels of Varroa mite populations in winter?
On December 29, 1927, Will Rogers piloted a plane. How did it become airborne, and from what did it depart? We need a specific for the departure point.
Jessie Howard’s Bat Mitzah will be on March 11, 2006. Who is Jessie’s best friend and who produced her music video?
On Sunday, September 4th, 1960, why would a crowd of 5,000 have been restless at the Detroit International Airport?
What three features of Malcolm Melville’s death suggest that the coroner’s eventual ruling of “accidental death” was designed to save his famous father embarrassment? Be as specific as possible.
Where were Wisconsin beekeepers supposed to convene for their 2001 convention, before the location was changed to the Hilton Garden Inn in Oshkosh, WI?
Who was told to memorize the following song lyrics, so – as a child – he could find his wax home again in case he ever become lost?Dix bis avenue Jes GabelinsDix bis avenue des GobelinsDix bis avenue des GobelinsThat’s where my Bumby Lives
What plant is Canola oil derived?
To celebrate Napoleon’s birthday in 1807, Pierre Forioso walked from where to where?
What band did Kurt Cobain call "the best band in the world"?
Which two current Trivia Masters were in the same second grade class, and what was the name of their teacher?
What, according to Everybody's Cyclopedia, Vol. 1, is "one of the most serious accidents which can happen to an animal"?
"Don't tell me you don't know how to pout—you didn't gain that weight by saying no. Like me, you usually pouted until you got what you wanted." Name the book and author from which this was taken.
A whistle signal followed by one prolonged blast and three short blasts indicates what in international waters?
In 1945, while Paris was occupied by the Nazis, Marcel Carné made the movie "Les Enfants du Paradis" entirely on one street in Paris, while the Nazis continued to occupy the city. What is the name of the street?
According to Stephen Murmur, what do his cheeks look like?
Alice Morgan of La Junta, Colorado won third place in the M-LAW wacky warning label contest with the warning label on a cocktail napkin. What did the warning label say?
On July 20th, 2005, Steve Buscemi was photographed by Robert Wilson. Behind what is he standing in the photograph?
Finish the jingle: "It's your John Deere dealer coming through for you…"
Alice and Myron Nightingale made their first commercially available bottling of induced botrytis Semillon under which brand name?
What legendary characters are the British National Lottery machines named after?
What does Jerome take out of his toy truck during show and tell in the French film "Ma Vie en Rose"?
Who did the 229th pick of the Cleveland Cavaliers sue for messing up his house?
In Bill Beausay's Christian parenting book Teenage Boys, what is the third principle of the six that put you in charge?
I was officially patented on February 22, 2005. On my patent's diagrams, the number 114 represents my electronics housing. What am I?
What is the third most popular tourist attraction in New York City?
Ray Johnson sent his evaluation of the worth of his work to Coco Gordon. What did he think was worth $3 million?
What is the answer to the trivia question asked by trivia masters James and Sarah on the Fox 11 morning news show "Good Morning Wisconsin!" on Thursday, January 25, 2007?
What is directly in front of the yellow car seen in "Unremarkable Voyage"?
During Amish weddings in Adams County, Indiana, what unusual act is performed on the groom at the end of the ceremony?
What happened to Horton's friends at 6:56 am?
* read after 10:00 pm* Kim Tarlo, Simon Tolstrup, and Penny Buswell wrote in UpDown magazine that "cougars are notoriously easier prey than most other Whistler species." What is their definition of "cougar"?
Johnny Depp gave the wig he wore in the movie "Blow" to Marilyn Manson in exchange for what of Manson's?
What was the brand of condoms featured in the Senegalese film "Moolaade"?
*PLAY SONG AFTER ASKING QUESTION* The first verse of the song "WWW" by Russian Ska band Leningrad contains a quotation from what popular Soviet pop song of the 1980's?
A restaurant's sign across the street from Legacy Middle School in Central Florida was changed after the teachers of the school complained. What did the sign say?
A 1907 fountain featuring a statue of a fictional eponymous Amerindian chief bears what inscription?
On October 28th, 2006, Jeffery Johnson identified and reported a crime. What were the 3 signs that he based his judgment on?
On August 15, 1926, Dazzy, Chick, and Babe found themselves in quite a pickle. A similar pickle was resolved by which fictional prodigious brain?
WARNING: ASK AFTER 10:00 P.M. During the climactic battle in Tod Browning's sideshow horror film "Freaks," what horrific scene is included in the original unedited version but is cut from the most recent release?
In a television commercial paid for by the Mary Cary Campaign, porn star and gubernatorial candidate Mary Cary said that if she were elected governor of California she would eliminate the BLANK tax and instead create a tax on BLANK.
According to his unauthorized biography, what was George W. Bush's no. 1 reason he should be accepted to Yale in his admissions essay? (please spell your answer)
What is written in large capital black letters on the giant tether ball outside of Union Jack's (in Appleton)?
During her relationship with former president Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky gave him a book that played an important role in his impeachment trial, not only because Lewinsky had given Clinton her personal text, but also because its racy subject matter helped to negatively characterize Lewinsky's relationship with Clinton. What is the title of the book, and what is its main subject?
According to the English subtitled version of the "Fight! Kikkoman," joke commercial, what would you be when you get punched by Kikkoman?
In Dane Sherwood's "2001 Things To Do Before You Die," on the page with a small picture of a telephone on it, one particularly dangerous feat is recommended. What is it?
As a child, the composer of "I Hate Music: Five Kids' Songs" went on a cruise to the Panama Canal. What untaken opportunity arose from this vacation?
What phrase would poet Nick Flynn's father use to describe life during hard times?
Which 2006 theatrical release earned thirty dollars at the box office?
According to the booklet "Welcome to Tiger," whom can you reach by dialing 555-709-3504, and how is that person today?
If you are in the middle of an earthquake, and Dr. Orion is in a tiger cage with Sitruc the tiger, what should you do in order to fund your future education, according to R.A. Montgomery and Alison Gilligan?
According to Everybody's Cyclopedia, Vol. 1, since the election of the new mayor of Chicago, the municipal ownership of street railroads and other public services had been a fruitful source of agitation leading to active reforms. Which mayor are they speaking of?
In "Jeopardy" episode no. 5122, contestant Christian Haines ventured a guess on the $1,000 question in the single Jeopardy round category "I love you guys," that made the other contestants burst into laughter. What was it?
What was Mick Foley's verbal response to his disfigurement at the hands of Leon White?
What is the name of the character that says the following about marijuana use: "Did you know that smoking marijuana can cause huge problems? For example, it makes it hard to understand things and even harder to remember them. It can also mess up you sense of time and make it difficult to do anything that requires concentration and coordination. And, of course, in the long run, using marijuana can cause some real health problems. Be smart, don't start. K?"
What three smoking related health problems did a certain inventor intend to solve with the spill- proof bong?
What 9 types of mushroom can a gnome eat for breakfast?
The Grateful Dead once planned an event to take place on May 22nd. They called it "an afternoon of intergalactic travel." They also planned to partake in a dance celebrating what?
What is printed on Red Forman's boxers the night he meets his future wife?
If you were taking a course in the 1970's called something like "Mass Media and the Popular Arts," you might be told to write an essay comparing cartoons found in certain magazines. According to Idea no. 5 in what might be one of your textbooks, you were given the suggestion to use Playboy was one of your magazine choices. What were the other 5 choices given?
Who was the no. 1 Most Painful Elimination of the Day on the pilot episode of MXC, and what game were they playing when they achieved this?
According to Altaic Mythology, when Erlik was sent by God to the bottom of the primeval waters to find earth, what did the wily first-man do in attempts to make his own world?
What unusual department does Hager's of Lancaster maintain, and for what clientele?
Patrick Agin submitted a photo of himself wearing chain mail and carrying a broadsword for his senior yearbook photo. The photo was ultimately rejected because it violated the school's ban on depiction of weapons. In the photo, what is hanging from Patrick's belt on his right hip?
In the early 1950's the workers at the Oliver Tractor Company in Charles City illegally went on strike. In order to avoid prosecution, what sporting activity did they say that they were doing instead of striking?
According to Jill Beck in her September 2006 Convocation, why was the year 1859 of historical importance?
If you were absolutely terrified of a child holding a doll, which two problems would you have?
Which of John Travolta's female co-stars is the mother of a child with Autism?
What is the name of the gentlemen whose official registry number on The National Beard Registry is 42?
Which company would be the most helpful if I sought a product combining my love for Dance Dance Revolution and Krystal Meyers?
What annual event has the slogan "Go for the gold that lies in the back teeth of the rich and feeble"?
What were the names of the Three White Kittens in the children's book published by Thomas Nelson and Sons in 1880?
What student group at Smith College was formed with the intent to make its members popular?
What future rock star was said to have stolen the show as a chorus member of "Zadok the Priest" at Westminster Abby in June of 1953?
Silk chocolate soy milk is free of lactose dairy, cholesterol, gluten, eggs, casein, peanuts, and MSG. What else is it free of?
Where was the Erectopus discovered?
What was the full name of the Australian children's book involving two eucalyptus nuts and the adoption of an underwater orphan?
This creature has a head that is uglier than a warthog, gives an offensive odor and has blood shot eyes. What is it?
[Play recording] What did they do while the neighbors played outside in the summer, and at what time did they do it?
"Basking in the sparkling glory of low-cost textbooks"…and what else do they send you? Be specific.
Dennis Eckersley's fellow Hall-of-Fame inductee first played professional baseball for a team based in the _____ capital of the world.
What was the original name of Cotton Candy (we want the full name so be specific)?
Using MagniScent technology, five San Francisco bus stops were recently infused with what aroma (be specific)?
The artist Jean-Michel Basquiat sent something to a controversial political figure as a child. To whom did he send it, and what did he send?
According to the game Gnomes by Parker Bros., gnomes are six inches tall with what qualifier?
What was the name of the Japanese widow who started a "ninja-for hire" business in the 16th century?
In the "Krump 2.0: Advanced Krump Techniques" DVD, what does Tight Eyez list as power words in the "power moves" section?
Along with being a clean gardener and preparing the soil, what is the 6th rule from Joan Lee Faust's 1975 basic rules for prevention against garden diseases?
For what medical condition does Stephanie C. King prescribe two fish oil tablets per day?
What is the name of the toy store Bart Simpson and Ralph Wiggum break into?
What is the official sport of the state of Maryland?
What is written on the $5 bill numbered F36200168C?
"What early electronic instrument was Tom Waits talking about in the following quote? "It's like operating on a flamingo. You don't even know where the heart is, nothing. If you touch there, you know, the world will end. If you touch this tape here, I dunno, you may lose your hand. It has that kind of danger about it."
What was the name of the hamster featured on the first-ever cuteoverload.com T-shirt?
Who is depicted in Rodin's "Thinker"?
Nothing Watch a sunrise Watch a sunset Say "I really like you!" Say "I really love you!" Say "Let's do this often!" and Feel Great are the best things to do while doing what?
Christie's Auction House only agreed to sell a portrait of Stalin by an unknown artist if Damian Hirst did what to it?
What is the Michelin Man's name?
Why was Santhi Soundarajan stripped of an Asian Games silver medal in the women's 800 meter run?
What was the first drive-in restaurant?
Which band's clarinet player left his or her clarinet on the sidewalk in front of a venue where they played and did not have said clarinet taken from them?
Which eventual NBA team was named after the Birdibus Zippibus?
In 1977, George Lucas came up with the idea for TIE fighters, which used twin ion engines. For what mission did NASA first use its own ion engine?
According to the Haggis-On-Whey World of Unbelievable Brilliance, where does all the snot come from?
According to two west coast bookkeepers in a spring of 2001 Journal, "Bee-Go" smells like what two distinct things?
What did Clay Aiken let his friends peer pressure him into doing the night he was on SNL?
Is your church in need of a revival? Is your church slumbering away? Are you too concerned with arguments about whether Adam had a belly button or not? Are your church wanting to break away and form a church based solely on their own ideas? What course will help you?
Three women from the United Kingdom previously held insurance for one million pounds just in case of what supernatural event?
Which (European-born) religious figure was formed by a union which was created through a personal ad?
Let's say I have a Bible. Not only is this Bible only one out of eleven, it also encourages me to cheat on my wife. Who printed this Bible?
HooRay (that's capital H, o, o, capital R, a, y) drew a cartoon featuring a late 15th century historical figure. What is the last thing said by this figure in the cartoon?
New York's statue of Lady Liberty is 151 feet tall from base to torch. If I saw an object looking very similar which was the same number of feet shorter as the atomic number of gold, what would the spikes atop the object's head represent?
Bradford-Brown Educational Company Publishers published the book Communism and Christianity—what was the phrase on the front of the book?
What are the names of the beach friends Lisa Simpson had one summer?
Some scientist guys genetically cross-bred a Solanum Tuberosum and Solanum Lycopersicum. If I were to travel to a point sharing a name with the resultant portmanteau, and then go to this point's museum, I would find items from which local indigenous group?
Joel Zumaya, pitcher for the Tigers, was asked by his team to stop engaging in the activity that led to his forearm injury. What activity was this?
If one were to construct a history of George Washington using only his journal entries, which was the last plantation at which one would say he spent an evening before July 4th, 1776?
For which product's TV ad was the "Stunt King" performing a car crash that was advised not to be carried out at home?
The famous climactic assassination scene in Hitchcock's "The Man Who Knew Too Much" was partially inspired by a 3 panel cartoon entitled "The One-Note Man" about an orchestra musician practicing all day for a single note in an evening performance. What was the name of the publication in which the cartoon was originally printed?
Writer Amy Spencer filmed her family's 4th of July barbecue when she first got a digital video camera. She says that she "filmed all day but didn't think it would be interesting enough." What did she do to make it more interesting?
At Mr. and Mrs. Wayne Ridout's wedding dance in Eunice, L.A., what object did the bride wear in her bridal veil, and why?
At the John Herron Art Institute of Indianapolis, what did Mr. Mayer, one of Bill Peet's instructors, find fault with his paintings and a mural?
What is the proper term for the sound created when your belly is a-rumblin'?
On what Ten Speed Press publication does "The Unimaginable Florescence of Feline Fluttering" appear as the cover art?
Not to be confused with the classic arcade game, "Millipede," this ancestor of the bicycle featured a somewhat "floral" improvement, and earned what nickname for its comfortable ride (we're just looking for the nickname)?
What plant is said to have been used by witches, by women to make them look more attractive and as a poison?
Who was the first rapper to beat Eminem in a battle, after 6 rounds and 6 tiebreakers?
I'm making a mixture containing chloroform, coffee grounds, an apple core, coconuts, plaster mix, mud, melted wax, worms, a hoof, a can of corrosive, a forefoot, cork, toxic waste, and purple paste. What ingredient is missing, and what is my name?
Which character betrays the Star Fox mercenary group to Andrass in the N64 game, Star Fox 64?
In the movie "The Untouchables," Sean Connery's character instructs Eliot Ness to use the "Chicago way" to capture Al Capone. What recently escaped political prisoner claimed to have escaped from jail and the country where he was being held in the same way?
What was the claimed cause of death of the wife of Thomas Phillips from Boulder, IL.?
What do Jedi's like Obi-Wan Kenobi use to travel faster than the speed of light in their starfighters?
Of the zany remixes of "Africa" introduced at Trivia 39, which two versions last 4 minutes and 57 seconds instead of the 4 minutes and 56 seconds of the standard version?
For what two tasks was the second to last person given special thanks in the program from the Kaleidoscope concert in October?
What is the smallest internationally divided island whose division was affected by a misplaced lighthouse?
According to the California Culinary Academy, how many turns should a puff paste should be given? Be specific.
What was Theodore Blan's test for handedness?
In the Death Note manga series, the investigator "N" constructs an entire cityscape out of what toy?
The first mayoral race in which Houston Texas elected an African-American mayor was also the first election in which this type of vote was cast.
What are the names of the astrobots riding on the Mars rover "Spirit"?
According to the Illustrated Encyclopedia of Technology, how do astronauts prepare their food?
A little over an hour into your flight into Earth orbit, you look out the space capsule window at the sunrise and you see what looks like fireflies outside. What is the official name of this phenomenon, and what causes it?
During the Columbia disaster, what were the words of the flight director upon learning of the disintegration of the shuttle?
In the 1990's, the Russian government space program used the Mir Space Station for a number of fundraising purposes. What idea was nixed due to a lack of Western cooperation?
You are a member of a successful Apollo moon mission, and you are running from a moon monster on the moon's surface. What is the fastest or easiest way to run?
What street is Duck brand duct tape made/ distributed on?
What is the cactus' favorite tongue twister?
This musical group was formed in London in Their album was finally released in 1994 and received great reviews. This monster doesn't carry any weapons, but they use their horny, barbed hands and horrid tails to fight. This musical group and monster has the same name. What is it?
At camp Northway Lodge in Algonquin Park, what is the name of the first campers tent woken up by the morning call, and at what time does this occur?
Who is the only athlete assisting Matthew Lesko and Kitty Kelley in ruining America?
On 20-Feb-2000, Homer Simpson requested the assistance of which physical location?
Who actually wrote Barry Manilow's hit "I Write the Songs"?
In March of 1950 a large mass washed up on an Oregon coast. What did the locals call it?
While working on the 1956 film "The Searchers" one of the actors recalled; "I had a friend who was my age, so I wasn't completely dependent on my father or an adult for my entertainment. There was a pretty girl, a super gal, with us on location. So "The Searchers" was great for me in the daytime as well as the nighttime." Who was the actor and who was the "pretty girl" to whom he is referring?
Which inspirational poem was used to formally close President Jill Beck's September 2006 Convocation?
In order to keep the oak god's mistletoe "between heaven and earth" Druidic priests cut it off with what?
Other than gigging as a jazz pianist, what occupation did Karlheinz Stockhausen use to support himself while studying in Cologne?
(Play Clip) What was that?Audio Question
Which religion are Anne Frank and Hitler both baptized into?
In an illustration by Jerry Tiritilli, what is Mordred doing with his right hand?
In Magnuson Park's "Swords into Plowshares" Project in Seattle, what are the first two names associated with the label "SSN 650"?
What gift did Clay Aiken receive two Christmases in a row?
In 1926, scientists excavated a site in Folsom, New Mexico to discover the bones of unusually large bison along with primitive tools used to kill them. The discovery proved that humans had inhabited America for at least 10,000 years, contradicting previous scientific beliefs. What are the names of the black cowboy and the white blacksmith who were credited for the initial discovery?
What decorated the fountain outside of the Schwachhein Blacksmith Shop in Raton, New Mexico?
Putney Swope is named after the college where one of its actors, according to Robert Downey Sr., "had a relationship with a campus cow." What is the name of that actor?
The US acquisition of Florida, the murder or the family of Nicholas II, the dawn of the Spanish Civil War—these events all took place on the date which appears on the default icon for what common computer application?
"Let the gentle robin come…for crumbs they save at home." According to this poem, what should little children never give?
Eupatorium rugosum killed a very special mother in history. What was her name?
Thucydides is dense and brief and always pressing upon himself. What is Herodotus? Be precise and be in Latin.
An American President once wrote a poem called The Bear Hunt. Finish the line after this one: "At top speed, the horse-men come, all screaming in a row."
You are in Main Hall of Lawrence University, and there are five bongs. What is happening?
A painting by this artist was displayed upside down at New York City's Museum of Modern Art for two months before anyone noticed.
What is the actual name of the man called the "Cosmographer of the Republic of Venice"?
In one particular FoxTrot comic strip from May of 2006, Jason Fox auditions for a talent show. What message does he impart, and in what language?
During the war for independence, a certain popular officer of Delaware named Captain Caldwell asserted that to be unconquerable, a game cock must have a certain trait. What is that trait?
In the Saturday Night Live Train Station, in the January 13, 2007 episode, what is the second destination posted on the board?
What was the first American Viticultural Area? BE SPECIFIC
Gabriello Fallopius' powerful little prophelactic was secured in place using what? Include the color of this object!
Which actor from the films "Malcolm X" (1992), "That Darn Cat" (1997), and "The Santa Claus 2" (2002) was a monk before he went into showbusiness?
Although this artist is not actually The Faceless Lord, she has a website of the same name. What is the other name of this creature and also, who/what created the background image on the artist's website?
The 24 hour play festival originated from a 24 hour festival of a different form of art. What was the other art and who is its (the festival's) creator?
Kyle Avila and three of his fellow employees at the Marc Jacobs Los Angeles store won an award for dressing as what at a holiday costume party?
Which Beatles recording, produced by Sir George and Pete Best, in just 7 days, did Paul McCartney call "a masterpiece" that reminded him of his death in India?
On Burton Holmes boat journey to Greece for the Olympic Games in 1896, what was the final English instruction on the list of regulations on the ship?
What two famous bloggers use the motto; "They sew. We rip" on their commentary of a Bravo reality show?
At the capital of New Jersey's "Home for the Criminally Insane," what are the only words spoken by a female voice?
According to Norse poetry, Odin, the god of war, rips out one eye in order to gain wisdom. What else is Odin known to do in order to gain counseling?
What species of shark has long yellow bands along its body? Give the common name and its family.
Jean-Yves Blondeau, better known as "Rollerman," created a new sport in 1995. What is this sport called?
What was the inscription that Mark Chapman made on the copy of Catcher in the Rye, which was found near John Lennon's body, and what part of it was underlined?
What is the tax identification number of the band that asks for the following in their dressing room; 2 cases of the following (must be mixed): Sierra Pale or good quality local lager in bottles and (most importantly) 12 cans of Old Style. NOTE: if beers listed are unavailable, the tour manager will pick from your cooler."
On what day of the year does Bruce Wayne's birthday fall? Play B.O.S.E.'s "Batman"
In "Batman:Year One" Frank Miller and David Mazzucchelli based Bruce Wayne's facial features on this famous actor because of rumors they had heard that he had intended to play Batman in a 1946 film. Play "Batman Theme"
What is the Penguin's middle name? Play The Who's "Batman"
In Detective Comics no. 29 we are introduced to Bruce Wayne's fiancée, Julie Madison, who was later portrayed by Elle Macpherson in Joel Schumacher's famously bad "Batman & Robin." What was her occupation? Play "Dating Batman"
In the Barr and Bingham tale "In DarkestBatman Hour Knight," Bruce Wayne discovers this, instead of a bat on his property. Be specific! Play David Allan's "Batman Theme"
For what purpose was the now retired "Batarang X" used? Play "Batman Side A"
In Frank Miller's classic, "The Dark Knight Returns," what does Bruce Wayne appear surprised to find missing in the Batcave? Play "Back in Black"
In the Prince music video "Batdance," what five word phrase is emblazoned on th dress of one of the Vicky Vale dancers? Play "Batman Theme (Batman and Robin)"
Harley Quinn has a nickname for her boss, which is coincidentally the name of another character on the 1960's Batman television show. Who portrayed that character? Play "Stuck In The Middle With You"
If you were wandering through the bankside district of London around the year 1290 looking for some late-night lovin' you may very well stumble upon Parnell Portjoie's "door of joy." What was the street name of the medieval pimp that oversaw Ms. Portjoie's famous bankside brothel, and what was his official profession?
What is the Wizard of Oz's last name?
After breaking out all of the criminals from Arkham Asylum, the drugged-up supercriminal Banc proceeded to brutally break Batman's spine. What is the name of his teddy bear? Play "I Wupped Batman's Ass"
If you want to drink wine from a goat's scrotum, what's the best wine region to visit? BE SPECIFIC
How did Professor Digmund lose an entire year's worth of funding?
A result of Nazi genetics research, the main villain in the 14th James Bond movie was played by the same man who delivers a precious heirloom to a young boy in a movie released 9 years later. Where was this heirloom hidden for two years?
If I were to give you a smack in the eye it would probably hurt, but if I said it with a ___ accent it would taste oh so good.
In Zamakhshari's commentary on Quran 2:127, how did the Ka'ba stones get their black color?
A PBS show was recently canceled after the main character visited a Vermont family with two lesbian mothers. What was the title of this episode (punctuation necessary)?
What ist he name of the steel Mack Water Coaster with a speed of 42 mph, a G-Force of 3, and 5:00 minute duration? Also, what state is it located in?
When the creator of a popular public television children's show wanted to create a more adult- oriented program, what did he title the pilot of his new series in 1975?
Who invented the Margherita pizza?
In an interview in the newspaper which employs Steve Martin, guitarist Michael Angelo said that his major was what?
Wallace Reyburn, in his book The Inferior Sex insists that even equal pay for equal work for women would be unfair to men, who work harder and longer at their jobs and do not have to do what? (EXPLICIT)
What two myths did Masters and Johnson dispel about female prostitutes in their book Human Sexual Inadequacy? (EXPLICIT)
10 ♥ 13 is for women and 10 X is for men. If Lady added to CK1, Channel, or other comparable fragrances it does what?
What is the most vital right, according to Emma Goldman?
Mark Twain called her "the greatest woman since Joan of Arc." What magazine described her as "Living Proof of the Divine Spark in the Human Brain," and who is she?
Louise Fishman changed her artwork after visiting Eastern Europe by adding what to beeswax to use in her paintings?
What does Daisy, Princess of Pless, think that a play is not complete without?
According to Barbara G. Walker, mistletoe: semen-drops :: holly: _____ ?
According to Elinor Glyn, marriage is the aim and end of all sensible girls, because it is what?
What movie character did Jeffrey Dahmer admire because he seemed to exude total control and seemed to perfectly embody Dahmer's fantasy of himself?
Deathrow inmate Archie Williams was denied his final meal request. What did he request to eat?
When Sylvestre Matushka was put on trial for coordinating a series of train crashes, how did he define his profession?
Seven years after three boys belonging to a heavy metal band called Hatred tortured, raped, and killed a female classmate, what artist created an installation inspired by this tragedy?
When serial killer Robert Ramirez (the Night Stalker) became engaged while on death row, his fiancée bought a gold engagement band for herself and a platinum one for him. Why did he say he refused to wear a gold engagement band?
The slogan for the 1968 anti-technocratic riots to revolt against the rising managerialism of the 60's was "Be Realistic, Demand the Impossible." A music video for a digital hardcore band also depicts a revolt against managerialism, and a band member carries a sign with this same slogan. Name the band and the song.
What medical mistake was the impetus for Bruce Reimer's troubled childhood?
In 1990, a heavy metal band released their 3rd album with a serial killer theme. If you had attended Hubbard Woods Elementary School two years earlier, one of the songs on this album would have described the event that you witnessed on May 20th. Name the band, the album, and the song about this event.
According to Paul Canfield's study, what is the primary cause of death among New South Wales koalas?
Excluding human beings, what are the two things held in the hands of male dancers in the music video for Sarah Brightman's intergalactic hit song?
What invention's history could include these phrases? "Low-slung," "draisine," "curricle"?
What Magic: The Gathering card features an angel which embodies one of the seven deadly sins?
What do Norma Mortenson, Ernest Evans, Giuseppe DiMaggio Jr., Doris Von Kappelhoff have in common with Grace Kelly?
In what event were these sponsers most, if not all of the major corporate sponsors?...Verizon Wireless, Hyundai, Fly Emirates, McDonald's, Fujifilm, Gillette, Toshiba, Mastercard, T- Mobile, München, Adidas, Continental, Avaya, Coca Cola, Powerade, Philips, and Yahoo!
How old is honey?Thrown Out
"The Pinkest Demo Ever" was released by a band which has been referred to as the supervillains of which music scene?
Barbara Cook, an optimistic and enthusiastic mother, has a published solution for parents as to how a concerned parent can correct their adolescent child's choice of bad friends. What is it?
Give directions for Brooke to lead her friends home, which is under the bed.
What did Michel Lotito, Mr. Eat Everything, consume to gain his world record for the largest meal ever eaten?
As of 2003 what bizarre privilege does the Oregon Mental Health Authority afford the state's mental patients who do not speak English?
What color were the contact lenses Jeffery Dahmer wore to clubs because he thought it made him resemble characters from movies whom he believed exuded power?
According to Frank Miller, what film had the Waynes just seen when Thomas and Martha were shot?
Her multi-folds are used by hundreds of wet men. Who is she?
According to the 40th printing of National Sunday Law, what must possessors turn over to the local bishop within 8 days of the promulgation of the decree?
A 1988 New Yorker cartoon featured the caption "So far so good. Let's hope we win." What were the architects in the cartoon constructing?
To whom does the Dream Lady, of Healthy Thoughts newspaper, attribute control over one's dreaming?
According to statistics from the New York Department of Health, 1,598 out of every 100,000 people in New York City in the year 2000 were killed by what?
What five types of muscles do dragons have, according to J. "Neondragon" Pfeiffer?
What disturbingauctions.com item boasted a 2 ¾ " Butt Width and no bids as of June 14th, 2000?
Why would I play this song during zombie hour?
On what date does the President give his speech regarding the destruction of the Nemesis comet (in "All Flesh Must Be Eaten")?
How does the RPG "All Flesh Must Be Eaten" label the various ways in which zombification can be spread?
Where was the original "Dawn of the Dead" filmed, and what restrictions were placed on the crew in order for them to use that location?
Who produced the Rob Zombie toy that rounded out his major solo run?
What two things, other than the undead, must survivors combat in the movie "Undead"?
What scene was added into "Resident Evil: Apocalypse" at Milla Jovovich's request to explain why the girls were wearing so little clothing?
What is the name of the vaccine that you must administer Sherry Birkin in Resident Evil 2 to destroy the organism growing inside of her?
Born on Dec. 7th, 2006, Damiana Alicia Williams received a 9.9 out of 10 on the healthy baby scale. Why?
The son of a revolutionary icon visited Oshkosh, WI on Oct. 18, 2006. There were tickets to see this man. What business was advertised on the reverse side of the ticket stubs?
Sharna Pax and get the goal When the Ardship of Cambry comes out of the hoal. What's the name of the Ardship of Cambry?
The Londoner named Sungai may have stored sperm for several years, but in this case she was the ____ ?
According to Mark Wolverton's The Depths of Space: The Story of the Pioneer Planetary Probes, what was removed from the plaque on the Pioneer space probe for the final published version?
If I want to buy an IBM product in Saudi Arabia, I will probably purchase through the company with the same initials that appear on the jacket of a crouching hip hop artist on the cover of his/her LP single released in 1997. Which hip hop arist is this?
In the movie "Mad Hot Ballroom," what dance did Michael and his partner compete in in the Brooklyn-Manhatten quarter finals and what was their team's color?
On October 14th, 2006, to what event were all of Glendale, Wisconsin's available police officers dispatched? (Be specific)
The streets of Paris have been officially closed twice—once at the end of WWII and once for whose funeral procession?
What famous actress/singer is featured on the cover of Queer Theory and the Jewish Question, 2003?
Zelda Fitzgerald died after the wing of her hospital burned to the ground. How did she start the wing on fire?
To what did Raquel Welch compare being a sex symbol?
If you entered a London-area record store looking to buy Paris Hilton's self-titled album in early September you would have possibly found a revamped copy. The 2 collaborators, who changed the album art and created a new 40 minute track, released what joint statement describing their work?
What great thinker does Oskar Shell want to ultimately work with side by side after a lovely personal response to Oskar's fan letter?
Alfter Elton John's 1984 marriage, Michael Jackson sent him a congratulatory telegram joking that all Elton John had to do to become famous was get married. In the telegram, what did Michael Jackson say he'd had to do to become famous?
Assuming that the Hitler is the metric unit of an atrocity, and that 1 Hitler is equal to causing the death of 50 million people for prejudicial reasons, what is the smallest clearly defined point on this metric scale, and what is the atrocity it represents?
The oft-repeated hilarious joke claims that towns are named after their water towers. Which municipality, however, is purportedly named after an elevator?
Which member of the band Sigur Ros shares a name with a Jack London novel, what is that name, and why does he have it?
Why did the ABC Broadcast Standards and Practices Department ultimately decide to rule over objections and allow Schoolhouse Rock to air a cat smoking a cigar?
For what was Leonard Bernstein awarded the Emblem of the Defenders of Jerusalem?
While Jimmy Carter was president, what stood on the table in the center of the Oval Office? You must give the specific name of the object.
On what day did Professor Bertrand Goldgar (of Lawrence) get a ticket for violating Wisconsin Statute 346.31, and what was his specific violation?
If you were to call from YT to a certain country, the country area number and access code number would be 973 and 0, respectively. What is the two letter country code for the country to which you are trying to call?
According to The Real Sex Kitten's Handbook, what's the number one signal that shows how interested he is?
The 2003 Bituminous coal Queen auditioned for what New York performing ensemble?
In Chris Amelar's Guitar F/X Cookbook, what is the name of the final entry, and what are the "ingredients?"
If I decide today that I want to obtain every future CD release from VNV Nation, I should purchase a ticket to what?
Nina Damfino, one of the Riddlers's henchwomen, derived her alias from oread? Play "Batman & Robin"
D.C. Thompson published a comic for children that has the same name as what famous natural enzyme that helps prevent gas?
A Belgian couple with 15 children who all have Elivis themed names recently became pregnant with a 16th child, but could think of no more Elvis-themed names. What did they name the 16th child?
I just picked up the skull in the Gymnasium, and the haunt began. What is about to happen?
In Oriente, which characters can kill the Soryuu?
I'm Jose Delgado. Why does everyone want me dead?
In the fame Hive, how many spaces can the Ant move?
You have just performed the job Prickly Heat Lamp. What did you do?
What did Joe Bob DuBois, of Pretentiousness Weekly, say of the paintings of Modern Artist Karl Gitter?
In Citadels, what does the Magician do?
You're trying to kill Doctor Lucky, and you are in the Stables. What method of attack will give you the best chance of killing him?
My field has, in order, a general, a mad bomber, a private first class, a nimble cow, and a fat cow. If I rolled a 4 at the end of my turn, which of my cows can explode?
In “Wine-opoly,” a wine-themed monopoly-style board game made by Late for the Sky Production Company, what single word replaces the phrase, “community chest”?
What musical analogoy does Herbert A. Simon make in the preface to the 2nd edition of his book, The Sciences of the Artificial?
What was the name and occupation of the man who started the tea garden which is now the sole producer of the tea whose name translates to “pearl dew”?
According to Paul Stamets, what amounts of what ingredients are needed to create a morel patch?
What food did Richard Burton eat for the first time in the Russian Tea Room in New York, and how did he characterize it?
In 1966, Boston Pops director Arthur Fiedler invited Joan Kennedy to narrate Prokofiev’s “Peter and the Wolf.” Several years later, performing the same piece, what ad-lib by Joan provoked Fiedler’s ire?
What does this describe? “Troublesome to stockmen, heavy-bodied and hairy, preys on horses, cattle with lumps, kerosene injections.”
What virus is responsible for causing zombies according to The Zombie Survival Guide?
In the CD library at WLFM, there remain 3 beers of a fabeled six pack that has graced the top shelf since before any of us can remember. What kind of beer is it and what year is printed on the necks?
Mission 1005 of the KH-4a phase of the Corona photo reconnaissance satellite became a failure upon reentry, landing somewhere in Venezuela. To what novel use did one local put the recovery parachute cords?
After starring opposite Barbara Streisand in “Hello Dolly,” Walter Matthau said he would like to work on something “more appropriate” with her. What play did he suggest?
What simple experiment does Paul R. Wolf use in Elements of Photogrammetry to explain the concept of "Stereoscopic Parallax"?
What would be your genus name if you were a certain primitive Lower Cretaceous ceratopsian from Asia, who was closely related to the Psittacosaurus, and who could be an ancestor to the Upper Cretaceous ceratopsians?
What did Colonel Thomas L. McKenney say about his famous native captive's face on Sept. 2, 1827?
When Chuck Norris married his second wife Gena, in what unusual way did the couple exchange their vows?
In Chuck Norris' novel The Justice Riders, what was Ezra Justice's nemesis Mordecai Slate's last word as he fell to the ground after taking two gunshots to the chest?
In a recent commercial, Chuck Norris chases after some kids who stole his soda. He makes a video with their faces on his computer. What is the title of the video as it appears on the screen?
What film is Chuck Norris referring to in the following quote: "The movie was replete with sex scenes, most of which were a hard "R," and we were constantly hiding the kids' eyes. Finally our scene came on. There I was filling the screen in a gigantic close-up. Oh no, I thought, the one time I don't want to be on screen, and here I am, bigger than life."
In 1990, Chuck Norris broke the world power boat record from Chicago to Detroit with a time of 12 hrs, 8 min, and 42 sec. Who was the record holder before Chuck?
In the movie "Lone Wolf McQuade," starring Chuck Norris, the movie hero is buried alive in his pick-up truck. What does he do before turning on the super charger and driving out of his make-shift grave?
According to Chuck Norris's book, The Secret Power Within: Zen Solutions to Real Problems, what system of ridding one's mind of negative thoughts did Chuck adopt from his colleague Bruce Lee?
What was the Asa Kusa Kannon temple built to enshrine?
According to the fashion queen, wearing pink doesn't make you gay, but getting "excited" while watching this does make you gay.
According to interpretive sign specialist Michael Gross, what has room to breath at Whisky Springs?
In the journal entry in which Kurt Cobain wished that he would die before he turned into Pete Townshend, Cobain wrote that a certain movie star should become a member of Nirvana. Who was that movie star?
In Vice President Cheney's former Chief of Staff's exquisite novel, what is a bear trained to do?
According to The Onion, what did The Chicago Daily Tribune do from 1948-1952?
According to The Batman Handbook, what is step seven of "How to Execute a Backflip"? Play "Batman Theme (Acid MA)"
What title does Fucko the Clown hold in the Lee Atwater Invitational family?
"I am infatuated with you. As soon as you arrive in the mail, I literally get all giddy and excited." Marisa Solis wrote that about what?
Who did Carson Kressley dedicate his first children's book to? And what did this person want every child to have?
Who would be the 5 named staff members mentioned on the New Years 2007 postcard you might receive from the Murray Hotel in Mackinac Island?
What hated painter is LU Fellow Daniel Barolsky named after?
Who tied his own record for homers in a season by a shortstop with 42 in 1999?
The 1990’s government-developed fat surrogate was advertised to have a beneficial “BLANK feel.”
In the June 2, 1926 issue of The Nation, it was announced that Norman Thomas spoke on the air of WMCA on the subject of radio legislation. Who owned that broadcasting station?
What is the poetic device that singer Tom Lehrer used in the line of one of his most famous songs in the line mentioning the 42nd element?
Who ascended the Pataliputra throne on the year that coincided with the final solar eclipse of Saros Cycle no. 42?
In Ryan North’s online cartoon, T-Rex says something which causes someone, presumably North, to remark, “It is the best any of us can hope for.” What did T-Rex say?
According to the 1985 publication of National Geographic’s “Atlas of North America,” what might a Portland resident say to another Portland resident after remarking, “the Mountain’s out”?
Adventures of Confessions of Saint Augustine Bear was once featured in a soda pop ad. The marketing genius behind this ad is willing to give you an estimate for what type of ad? Be specific.
In the fall 2006 issue of the ALAN review, the Young Adult books Firegirl, A Summer of Kings, and Accidents of Nature were listed by an advocate of YA literature under the thematic heading “SPECIAL PROBLEMS!” Who is that advocate?
Playboy once sued a canine-oriented website. This website’s periodical does not contain which orchestra?
According to the Executive Summary of Space Warriors: the Army Space Support Team, what is the ARSST going to continue to play an indispensable role in doing?
How many patches are in a box of “Scentuelle libido patches”
For World AIDS day in 1993, the United colors of Benelton company covered the place dela concorde’s obelisk with what?
The death of 42 people is the first recorded instance in the Tanakh of an attack on humans by what?
Tacitus thought that the Jews had given up worshipping Liber because he determined that the Jewish religion was what?
Although a bris cuts off one thing it can also cut what else in half, according to Dr. De Cock?
The Israeli pound became legal tender during what month of the Jewish calendar?
The oldest synagogue in Irkutsk, Russia, the dome of which was just restored after a 2004 electrical fire, stands on what street?
If you were a closeted Jewish individual and needed help, preferably from a French intellectual, novelist and critic concealing your true sexuality what Jonathon Freedman essay would help you?
The earliest known effort to establish a university under Jewish auspices was made in what European city?
Hypothetical: Curious George found some psychedelic drugs. He takes them. What type of drug was it? (give us the full name)
Who would I call if I wanted to hire someone to come to my house and get my computers to pray to each other?
Atari once destroyed millions of cartridges of a video game based on a Steven Spielberg movie. This incident inspired two television cartoon characters. What are their names?
The mountain on which rival bands of Greek Orthodox monks combated for control of a monastery in December 2006 shares its name with an oil tanker responsible for the fourth oil spill in the history of what Northern Hemisphere river?
Boys at the Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School at the University of Chicago say that a brassiere is the strongest thing in the world. What is their reason for this answer?
In the movie “Breakfast at Tiffany’s,” when Holly Golightly is practicing speaking Portuguese with a tape, Paul Varjak comes to visit her. What is the English translation of the first Portuguese thing she says to him?
Following Bela Lugosi’s appearance in “The Mystery of the Mary Celeste,” British International Pictures offered Bela a $25,000 per film contract—the best he’d ever been offered. Lugosi biographer Larry Edwards says that he turned down the contract because he was a drug addict. What reason did Lugosi give to the press for turning down the offer?
In a recent interview, Hayden Panettiere, the indestructible cheerleader on NBC’s Heroes, cited which Jennifer Aniston quote as a huge source of inspiration?
What did the Minnesota government say last year concerning his state’s zoo?
What do Harry Lucenay and J. Edgar Hoover have in common?
This competitive event included the 500 m Sashay, Stiletto Sprint, and the Handbag Throw. What is this event called and near what monument did it occur?
Which Jewish actor appeared on the cover of the Chicago Tribune magazine in 2007 and on a cover of a magazine that describes itself as “the new Jew review”? What is the title of this special issue of the Jewish magazine?
According to the September 1939 issue of The Child, what were the top 4 causes of still births in Philadelphia?
The world's first online millionaire was recently tragically attacked online. What group was responsible for this online attack?
In a car ad in the November 1982 issue of Scientific American, what question are all of the following potential answers to: Volkswagen, General Motors, BMW, Toyota?
According to the Stella Awards, what do the lawsuits of Kathleen Robertson, Carl Truman, Terrence Dickson, Jerry Williams, Amber Carson, and Kora Walton all have in common?
According to the radio personality The Common Man's favorite website, a "shill" acts in what sort of manner? Be specific.
In Sam Harris' book The End of Faith, what two religions does Harris go hardest on, and on which two does he go easiest?
When Parker Pen marketed a ballpoint pen in Mexico, its ads were supposed to say, "It won't leak in your pocket and embarrass you." Due to a mistranslation, it instead promised to refrain from doing what?
What fictional character comes from a fictional place named after Gene Roddenberry?
After buying a young woman for $1600 because he intended to sell her as a bride, he was informed that he could sell her for more if he did what to her?
What does Dethklok bassist, William Muderface ask the Satanist congregation after coming to the conclusion that all religions are the same?
According to O.K. Bouwsma, what two ways does Descartes' evil genius employ to deceive Tom?
What does artist Darby Conley regularly include in his comics asan homage to Charles Shultz’s Peanuts?
During his adventures, what does the note on 13 year old John Egbert’s desk smell of?
In November of 2009, Hillary Clinton had difficulty saying the shortened name for what Islamic group?
In “The Hedgehog’s Dilemma” by Hugh Warwick, he mentions which dish with Parmesan cheese?
According to Burkhard Bilger, at the Great American Beer Festival in Oct. 2008, what beer had its stand across from that of Dogfish Head?
In season one of Friday Night Lights, what brand of condoms does the quarterback buy?
What is Dr. Stanley K. Schultz’s correction regarding Ben Franklin, of Thomas Jefferson’s foreword to America [The Book]?
In the book The Secret Language of Relationships what would be the name given to a relationship between someone born on April 4th and someone born on July 13th?
In Zach Braff’s self-directed film featuring Natalie Portman, which collector’s card is to the direct left of the Night Vision Goggles?
Which pizza place delivers to the famous Kevin McCallister in 1990, and many years thereafter?
According to Dr. Seligman, if you are a pessimist, in which four areas will you encounter trouble?
The night before the Vogon’s came to destroy Earth, Ford Prefect watched half of what movie?
According to the joke page maintained by Ming Tham, if you plan on doing what, you should major in Philosophy?
One of the sexy musical numbers in Spring Awakening references which work of art from the Renaissance period, and by whom is it?
What did Denis Matsuev do before taking a bow during his appearance on the Russian TV show titled Night at the Circus?
In the film From Russia With Love, Kronsteen defeats McAdams in a game of chess. Had he not tipped his king over, McAdams could have made three different moves to survive to make one more turn. What would those moves have been (we need chess piece and square it moved to)?
Created by a Russian who emigrated to the US, what amphibious character could you have heard in 1948 by a media broadcasting company that is still around today?
According to Lendrik in the article “Moscow to Vladivostok,” Gremlins the air in Abstorman could cure what?
On Gremlin’s movie list, what two films feature the actor who is the self-proclaimed nephew of a Japanese cooking show?
On the same month and day as one of our trivia master’s birthday, a bassoonist was recorded playing a D-Natural in m.27 of a movement in a Stravinsky composition that will be played this Saturday by the Lawrence Symphony Orchestra. What orchestra did that bassoonist belong to?
What was the nickname given to the group member of Gremlins Dischinghis Khan who messes up a dance move in the music video of moskau?
What was the name of Kelly Slater’s high school bowling team?
Describe a scenario that would likely result in Dyspareunia.
According to Woody Allen, sex is the answer. But what is theOff Campus Only question?
The man who owns the company that created the sex robot Shut Out “Wet Dreams” inspired to start making pornography by what?
Zeus’ intercourse with Danaë could be interpreted as a symbol of what variety of paraphilia?
What is the name of the spell from the book of erotic fantasy that causes the target to take 1d6 damage per orgasm?
What popular science fiction alien was found at the bottom of a marsh in England?
When shopping for Tuxes with his best friend, what does Off Campus Sydney Fife call Peter’s annoying co-worker, Tevin?Shut Out
In “The Handprint of Atlas” Sesh Henri calls what theory hard to believe, only for the reason that it would have been immobile, and a “sitting duck”?
According to Captain Haddock, what animal is the figurehead of the Titanic?
According to one of the authors of the webcomic Married to The Sea, what is the mystical unicorn’s secret?
What breakfast food created by Randal Munroe has a subtitle and what does that food NOT taste like?
Andy Warhol’s “Marilyn Diptych” features an image of Marilyn Monroe originally used as a publicity photo for what film?
If you start at latitude 34 degrees, 1 hour, 45.76 minutes North Shut Out and longitude 118 degrees, 13 hours, 7.02 minutes West, and drive for 1.09 miles without changing lanes but turning right when you leave the interstate, you’ll end up in an intersection. What is on the telephone pole on the southeast corner?
In the Audubon Society’s pocket guide of North American minerals and rocks, it informs that Gold (Au) doesn’t have what?
Although from the state of Washington, in the film Twilight, where do Edward’s license plates show his car to be registered?
According to Chicago by Night, what club is “perhaps the most famous of all night spots in Chicago”?
In the third season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Buffy and her mother go clothes shopping. Where does Buffy suggest her mom buy clothes?
One San Francisco newspaper’s 2008 article on Vampire statues, cities the peaceful coexistence of which two specific characters?
What are the words along the binding of the Dec/Jan 2010 issue of Bust Magazine?
On the Vampire Forum of Darkness, what does KuKu call the teenagers who are obsessed with Twilight?
When Swiss authorities raided his warehouses in Geneva, Switzerland, where was Giacomo Medici?
According to an interview with Viggo Mortensen about the film “Eastern Promises,” what is the answering tattoo’s response to one of his tattoo’s question of “where are you going?”
Of the 10 characters featured in “One Got Fat,” who are the only ones on bicycles that lose their lunch but don’t get hit by other vehicles?
One David Bowie song took its opening lyrics from a 1947 film dialogue. Name the song and the movie from which the lyrics originated.
Where was Batman Suparman arrested?
The Fop, the Snooty, and the Caterpillar are all examples of what?
The great Joe Rollino, bender of steel was killed by a minivan while he was walking in Brooklyn at the age of 104. The 150 pound man was known to stay away from which three detrimental habits?
If you read certain terminal records you’ll find that a certain wasteland ghoul liked to do what to what body part?
The New Zealand actor who portrayed a character who falls in love with Xena in the episode “A Day in the Life” also appeared in a zombie film. What was the name of the character in this zombie film?
In the first two installments of the Evil Dead series there is an Off Campus object in each film that pays homage to another film. What are these objects?
In a Kotaku Article about a newspaper commenting on racism in a zombie video game, the author suggests that there should be a recording of a group of zombies singing what song?
According to Superpoop, what will Rob Zombie have for a meal?
According to craigslist, if you’re looking to have a zombie fantasy with a transvestite, what are the requirements you need to fill?
What is the last comment of graffiti in the first safe house that you encounter in the level “the Parish”?
According to a find by Kevin Carmichael, what can Neal do with his recordings of your crappy band?
In the original Pokemon Pinball gameboy game, what word do you need to spell to open the slot that you shoot your ball into?
Who is supposed doctor Alan Probe’s 15th patient?
According to Robert Pope in his book Dying to Win: The Strategic Logic of Suicide Terrorism, who was the target of the first successful Assassin? Please note the capital A in Assassin
What does it say on the picture drawn by her daughter of L’Shaffe trying to sell a snow shovel?
In Edward Gorey’s “The Chinese Obelisks,” what is Z?
In 1914 a little girl in Idaho took a strange route to her grandma’s house; what was it?
In Alien Loves Predator, what is the tattoo that Alien gets and what is the name of the tattoo shop?
Where did the eighth tree in the 29th entry of the 13th section of Mackenzie’s “The Book of a Thousand Poems” go?
In the 1992 film adaptation of Last of the Mohicans, Hawkeye posits that with tightly woven wadding, such as silk, he could accurately shoot his long rifle further. In feet, how much does silk extend his shot?
What does The Way We Lived, published by Reader’s Digest disclose to be the ultimate garment?
In the December/January ’06 issue of Bust magazine, designer Rachel Leigh Hawkins says that her most popular item is what?
In “Let’s Go Get Stoned” by Sublime, what lyrics are sung while a Clyde Stubblefield drumbeat is being sampled?
Besides Bear Hunter, what three professions are listed on Avery Career aptitude test?
According to Matthew Inman, what type of music player do Bears prefer and why?
In the webcomic Shyeah, what do bears use to kill germs in Joe Nobbe’s Thoracic Duct?
During his adventures in Ireland, Bear Grylls uses a sheep carcass for many purposes, including storage and flotation. What pun does he use when he refers to the carcass as a shelter?
When do the sellers of the shirt whose color is described as ‘burnt bear brown’ advise on wearing it, and why?
In season 2, episode six of Flight of the Conchords, Bret is seen wearing a shirt with a bear on it. What does the text on this shirt say, and what kind of punctuation does it have?
When arboreal lobsters discuss the specs of a bear against shark fight, what do they say the bear would need if the fight was in the water?
For whom is there “very little hope,” according to the pianist whose tone was like singing morning stars?
What is the alternate text that accompanies the “A Softer World” comic in which the last panel reads, “I just wish she had stayed dead.”
In the 1927 film College there are two posters next to Ronald’s dorm room bed, what does the top sign read?
According to the Versus Books Pokemon Special Pikachu Edition Perfect Guide, Farfetch’d is the best what in the game?
CIA officer Roger Ferris, a fictional character in the book and film Body of Lies, did his undergraduate work at 2 different institutes according to the film and book versions. Which two universities were these?
What is Victor Decimus’ nickname for his lover, Jesus Christ?
In an educational 1960 film featuring Michael Sarazin, what are the beatniks’ beards full of?
What does Kim Possible say that being the cover model of Viking Fashion Monthly will get you?
In the Disney Pixar short Presto, what is the rabbit’s full name?
In a classic Disney movie, an animal named Clementine is ridden upon in a race. What type of animal is she?
In the comic book of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs published by Marvel Comics, what does Snow White call her prince?
The man who invented the Untouchable, a camera filled with HIV positive blood, was once the mascot for the professional sports team on which a Disney movie is based. What is the movie’s name?
A chimney sweep appears in Alice and Wonderland—this character also appears in what other Disney movie?
In a cartoon from Walt Disney’s classic Silly Symphonies Series, what separates the Kingdom of Classical Music from the Land of Jazz?
In the remake of The Parent Trap, which twin sings “Let’s Get Together,” a song featured in the original Disney movie by the same name?
In his book The Dinosaur Book, Edwin H. Colbert refers to the Pachycephalosaurus as a champion what?
The Richmond, VA warehouse designated as General Hospital no. 11 during the Civil War is currently operated by what kind of business?
According to Derek Humphrey, where are the far “exotic spots” whence it is easiest to get the “magic pills”?
In 1913, at the opening of London’s Poetry Bookshop, Robert Frost was identified as an American because he was sporting which fashion statement?
According to Mike of RedLetterMedia, what is Corisant the home of?
In the official GRITS guide to loving Southern men, what is the weight range of Southern men?
While filming Crimewave, who’s ghost was Brian trying to get out of the light fixtures in his hotel room?
In the Hal Leonard Corporation’s distributed collection of songs by the American Master described by Gershwin as the most original of composers, which two songs are listed with additional parenthetical titles?
To reward the king of Thrace for his hospitality, Zeus, Poseidon, and Hermes decided to give him a child. How did they conceive it?
The most traditional version of Jaime Torres’ instrument is made out of what?
The 2009 Milwaukee Repertory Theatre’s production of Charles Dickens’ A Christmas Carol featured a curtain with a winter scene painted onto it. What bird is prominently featured in the curtain?
In the game that knocked Chelsea out of the current Carling Cup, what song was playing in the stadium when the players took the field?
What is the brand name for the only canned food item available in the game 'Fallout 3'?
If one wanted to find the typewriter of Edna Ferber, where should one look?
In the safekeeping of the Lawrence University Mudd Library is a 1860 edition of the (quote) political debates between Honorary Abraham Lincoln and Honorary Stephen A. Douglas in the celebrated campaign of 1858 in Illinois. What is the page numbering discrepancy in the introduction?
In the 1940's and 1950's, the phrase "going down the river" meant going off campus to neck and engage in other private activities. Where was the location of choice for a trip down the river?
Which city in which state is named in honor of the founder of Lawrence University?
When Campbell Scott taught at Lawrence, the University provided housing for him. What would one currently find if they went to this location now?
The building currently known as the International House was the second house in the country to be lit by hydroelectricity. For whom was the house built?
After requiring a limo from the airport, refusal to allow shellfish onto the menu, and refusal of a Q&A session after her convocation, which convocation speaker at Lawrence was considered to be the most high-maintenance of all Lawrence guests?
Who was LUCC (Lawrence University Community Council) President when it was founded?
On the CD "Important Information for young men about to turnPower Hour 18" what does Tough Guy call the person he is discrediting his attention to in the track "Fuggestaboutit"?
Eadbald, King of Kent in the seventh century, had plenty of control but seemingly bowed to the Authority of Northumbian overlord King Oswald. What worried Eadbald's sister, the widow of Edwin, about the relationship enough that she sent Edwin's sons and grandsons to Gaul?
In a hookah pamphlet written by Marcia Quackenbush for ETR Associate, what is the 5th Hookah myth listed in the "myth and Truth" section?
What New York Stock Exchange insurance agency has the audio clip of a cheetah snarling when you visit its website?
A guest on the show QI who has his own travel show visited Belgium and gathered around a fenced off region of grass where people were betting on what?
Recently a book was published on a disease with a three letter acronym, including chapters entitled "Dam!" and "Web of Deceit." What is the author's name?
In the July 9, 2009 issue, there is an ad for a Motorola rival. What is the highlighted text message?
In the Oct. 1st, 2009 issue, the article "Love on the Rock" says Scarlett Johansson and Pete Yorn are channeling who on their CD 'Break Up'?
In Rolling Stone's "100 Agents of Change" who is number 58 and why?
In the August 20, 2009 issue, the article "The Songs of Hour Summer" what were the summer says for 1990, 1999, & 2009?
In the May 28, 2009 issue, there is an interview with Green Day, what words are printed on the wall behind the band in the photo labeled "Dream Team"?
In an interview with Jenny Eliscu about the Arctic Monkeys, what does Josh Homme say he felt like?
In the September 17, 2009 issue's 'Threat Assessment Section' Hour what comes after 'Justice Sotomayer'?
What 80's movie would have starred 3 future US governors if which 70's pornstar had been elected?
At the Lou Malnati's on Sheffield and Lincoln, who's signature are on the baseballs in the glass case?
According to the driver's license issued to Jeremy Duncan during the 2009 run of the comic Zits, what is the street address of the Duncan family?
According to Facebook, what is the preferred shaving cream of the Zynga Incorporation?
In 'Nuke 'em High 2: Subhumanoid Meltdown' what is the only thing the squirrelets are afraid of?
When Tiger Woods drove his car into a tree, the incident drew public attention to his many extramarital affairs. What kind of tree did he hit?
In Will Sweeny's music video made for Birdy Nam Nam, the protagonist's key is actually revealed to be what?
How many flying monkeys are found on the left sleeve on one of the Wicked souvenir long-sleeve shirts?
The album featuring the song "Clowny Clown Clown" offers Clown Hour a phone number for people who discover what "The Big Problem" is, which has since been disconnected. What number can you call now to reach the answering machine of that original number?
According to Jessica Hagyy, what three things do clowns and drag queens have in common?
In Ian Wittenber's short "Clown and Gorilla," what brand of paintball grill does the clown wear in his attempts to rescue the gorilla?
In the Batman: The Animated Series episode "Be A Clown," what is written on the side of the Joker's getaway car?
While it has long been suspected that the plot for Ruggero Clown Hour Leoncavallo clown tragedy, Pagliacci, was heavily inspired by Catulle Mendes' La Femme De Tabarin, Leoncavallo always held that the libretto was inspired by a murder he witnessed as a child. What are the names of the murderers?
In Jane Elliot and Colin King's The Usborne Children's Encyclopedia, a clown is pictured with a monkey on his shoulder. What is that clown doing?
According to George Orwell, what phrase does Bozo use to refer to the pavement artist on London's Embankment?
In the 1990 Carmen San Diego computer game by Broderbund, whose dossier reports an "incredible craving for shellfish"?
What is the number of the Shakespeare sonnet wherein he attacks a fashionable custom which began in England in 1572, and what is the custom?
According to David Malki, what is a group of dinosaur's called?
On the website that states, "moral: scorpions are jerks" there are "Valentines of Unfulfillment." What does the only Valentine with three people pictured say?
The 'gift of Kool-Aid' includes what five food groups?
According to America's Finest News Source, what was the weather like on August 27th, 2009?
In "the world according to Jack" what characters can be drawn at the attraction that is "overlooked by the vast majority of guests?"
On Christmas day an airline passenger attempted to blow up a plane en route to Detroit. What was he wearing in his Facebook profile picture?
Moths developed large effective ears for the reason of defending themselves against which predator?
When you carry your Pal Mickey device on any water ride in Disney World Parks, what does he remind you to do?
In Igby Goes Down, D.H. says "I have seen it," sits down at a piano, and plays what interval?
What, according to Mr. T, does the 'H' in 'mother' stand for?
In the 25th Anniversary Edition of The Princess Bride, what are the two questions which begin William Goldman's first and second interjections of the novel's long-lost sequel?
According to Futurama, what event occurred between 1820 and 1887?
Janis Kounellis' Untitled 1971 piece features a portion of Johannes Sebastian Bach's "St. John's Passion." However, the painting largely omits the soprano part, which is resting for the majority of the used portion. What word should appear at the very bottom of the painting had the soprano part not been omitted?
In the back of "Gem Missile: A Tribute to the Velocity Gnome," there is a CD. What are the instructions that go along with this CD?
Clyde Drexler wrote a "Dear Reader" letter at the beginning of which children's book?
In the "Marvel/DC Harry Potter Parody" what is Spiderman's example for a failed 'Chosen one'?
According to a former member of Delta Upsilon, what are the cave dwellers of Mercury known as?
In The Nature of A Liberal College, what sentence immediately follows Henry M. Wriston's statement that "the student is usually taken for granted"?
For a St. Germain cocktail, what does "the man" do after putting clusters of flowers into bags and going down the hill?
Besides Quhzk, what two words are on the board when members of Dethklok are seen playing Scrabble? (note: Quhzk is pronounced kwa-ziks—also probably spell it)
What is the opus number shown and composer of the concerto score pictured in the photograph paired with Percy Shelley's second piece in "Poet's Camera"?
What does the Tetra Holding Corporation specially combine for Siamese Fighting Fish?
According to Phil McAndrews, where does Bertha's Fiance get the motorcycle that they ride off into the sunset from?
On the cover of the Holiday 2009 edition of Appleton's "Money Saver" magazine, an advertisement says "buy this…get this!" To what two does it refer?
What is the third mission of: I don't even know?
Which two Barbarians, after their time in the Gayzor Mountains, wished to join the Fancy Men?
In the 2nd season of the American series Queer as Folk, what is the name of Ben Bruckner's book?
There are 17 names listed in the song "The Naming of Cats" from the movie musical Cats; there are seven that, according to the film credits, are actual characters in the movie, who are they?
Why was it necessary for Kiki from the House of LaBeija to be revived from her death? How did Kiki from the House of LaBeija die?
Who was Ellen Degeneres interviewing when her head was covered by WKBT's winter storm warning map?
According to the Institute of Snap!thology, which four "p" words make up the "Grand Snap Statement"?
In the music video of the song where Jonny McGovern gives women life-long advice, a gay red-headed porn star is featured. What is his name?
According to Dels on A Tribe Called Next, how much will it cost to buy one can of Truth Serum, one can of Mind Control, and one can Intuition?
What song by the band that Paul Johnson refers to as "the apotheosis of insanity" was covered in reggae style by a character from the 1992 animated film, Fern Gully?
In her final Boggle match against Peggy Hill, what are the three words does Sissy Cobb include on her list?
According to Matt Goldberg, what is the offensive part of the noble savage concept?
According to Annalee Newitz, why do whites need to stop remaking the white guilt story?
Only one of the actors who portrayed one of the main Na'vi characters is not black. What government compact guaranteed that the US gov't would void land claims by his tribal group?
According to Thomas Hurman's "A Caveat of Common Cursitors," if a rogue wanted to ask you for money in your purse to drink, what would he ask you for?
In the movie The Rockers, what do the Europeans say when they first encounter reggae music?
What as the lead story of the February 1999 issue of Cosmopolitan in Germany?
According to S. Morgenstern's classic tale of True Love and High Adventure, which conflict nearly bankrupted both Guilder and Florin?
According to Ze Frank, what does a period stand for?
Which television contest instructs its players to "get to work" in the same tongue as the derivative language of its networks' title?
According to Dee in The Gang Gets Whacked part 1, what does Charlie ask for in exchange for the cocaine the gang finds?
According to Matthew Inman, what will people look for in the event of a tsunami?
According to Ben Thompson, a game show champion climbed up to the crow's nest of his ship and did a handstand to prove what?
According to White Wolf games, who orders the assassination of the vampire Louis Pasteur (yes, THE Louis Pasteur) in 20th century Denver, Colorado?
In Alien Resurrection, the alternate ending shows the Betty landing on earth, what city do they land in?
What is the brand name of John Campbell’s fictional wine that has the slogan of ‘pretty expensive, even for wine’?
In what year was the giant penny in Batman’s trophy room minted?
According to the janitor in Cyrus Voris and Chris Bachalo’s Only “Bruce Wayne is Batman,” who was Batman last week?
Which Pauline Oliveros piece is scored for Solo Percussion andBatman Hour Batman?
What phrase appears across the two pins Jervis Tech wears to Batman’s funeral?
In the United Underworld Headquarters featured in Batman: the Movie (starring Adam West), a bookshelf of riddles, belonging to the Riddler, and a bookshelf of jokes belonging to the Joker. What is filed in the filing cabinet that also presumably belongs to the Joker?
Likenesses of Batman and the Joker appear on Berlin’s famous Shut Out east-side gallery over a two-word phrase. What would that Phrase be if it were repainted today?
In Frank Miller’s December 26th, 1985 draft of “The Dark Knight Falls,” what victims does Superman count as he shifts the course of the missile over the desert? (we need both count and kind)
According to Jeff Loeb and Tim Sale, what four sidekick names does Dick Grayson draft before finally settling on “Robin”?
In the Timmverse, Dick Grayson has an elephant friend. What is that elephant’s name?
In 2004, immigration and customs enforcement returned what item to the Waffenfrabrik museum in Switzerland?
The author who states that when one opens her Guide for the Soul one addresses the universe, is originally from New Zealand. With which American city does her current residence share its name?
The actor who plays “Orange Juice” in the movie with the tagline ‘some play the game, he changed it’ changes his name from what to what?
According to the “office of strategic influence” what is the chick in front of Brian wearing?
According to a little reference book by a man named Jack, what are cornsilk and cinnamon also known as, respectively?
Rolling a 100 on the perils of the warp chart causes what to happen?
What was the favorite hobby of the mythical character Lulu Lorraine Lancy?
In a September 2009 photo submission to the High Times, what marijuana related slogan adorns the shirt of a man whose hands are full of weed?
According to a blurb in the Dec. 10 issue of Rolling Stone, Fela Kuti, the father of afro-funk music, had 27 wives and what?
What is number 23 on Amy Sedaris’ list of Munchies?
In the Benner Droncos parody of the theatrical trailer for the film, There Will Be Blood, what is the weedy equivalent to the oil man’s claim that he “has a string of tools ready to be put to work”?
Last school year, shapes looking striking like leaves decorated the poster for what LU conservatory event? Give date also.
Who is listed in “Sex, Drugs, and Coco Puffs” in praise of the author for making one second guess all of the “most dearly held beliefs about popular culture”?
According to Mark Musa’s translation, what does Virgil tell Dante the right foot of the source of all the rivers in hell is made of? Be specific.
While conflicting stories may prevent us from ever knowing the final piece played by the RMS Titanic band, there is little contention regarding the music played by the only other musician employed by the ship. What tune did that musician play to announce dinner?
What was the original title of the sculpture that is prominently featured at the opening of the book-signing scene in Terry Gilliam’s Twelve Monkeys?
The Frumious what?
What exclusive club, founded in 1866, “heartily approved of the obese”?
A 2009 psychological study by the University of Montreal ran into problems due to the apparent absence of what male population?
While most Michiganders are familiar with Michigan’s official state song “Michigan, My Michigan,” many are unaware of another official state song, inducted in February of 1937. Where are the only two existing copies of the sheet music for this state song found? Be specific.
Wheel of Life, a V16 boulder project features how many dynamic moves?
What group is the star of the video ‘A Rough Go’ affiliated with (name of group and where is it from)?
Latawnya’s sisters, Daisy and Latoya, are called what by Connie?
The character used by the most famous Smasher out of Kansas City is known for a move that uses a particular part of the anatomy for high knockback and low percentage K.O.’s. What is that portion of the anatomy?
Name a controller feature that Nintendo first developed that was subsequently adopted as an industry standard.
Judging by his footwear, a 2004 state wrestling champion of Lassiter High School in Georgia would appear to be a fan of a certain video game series. What is the third game in this series?
In this game that used to be a popular mod of another game, pressing the buttons “B-2-1-B-6-B-8-4” would give you what equipment in the buying area?
What you get from looting the first actual boss of Super Mario RPG is the favored weapon and symbol of a religious group in a certain looking glass studio game. A heretic from this group is the mail villain of the game. What piece of 19th century technology does he use to communicate with his followers?
What videogame introduced the cutscene?
This term that describes characters receiving offensive action from mobs in this highly successful Blizzard RPG is the name of the protagonist’s horse in what totally unrelated game.
Which “sex legend” lent his voice talents to a recent game starring the voice of an actor who appeared in the X-Files episode “D.P.O.”? (full name)
Hook’s textbook on United States foreign policy contains a typo misspelling which Hollywood film?
On page 74 of the November 2009 issue of National Geographic who is wearing aviator sunglasses, and where was he going when he died?
In Tortilla Flat, what are the names of the Pirate’s dogs?
In the movie The Fifth Element, what make-up company logo is featured on Li-Lu’s make-up box?
Prior to Ned Plimpton Zissou’s first dive in the film The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Ned gives the wrong pre-dive hand signal. According to PADI instructors, what hand signal does Ned give?
Who puts forth the ontological proof for the existence of Ceiling Cat?
A King in the Hebrew Bible is killed in his own home by an Israelite. The killer leaves his weapon at the scene of the crime. Why?
There is a Christian children’s TV show based on Proverbs 18:9. What is the name of the episode and what weapon from an epic film series shown during the music video in that episode.
According to Sigmund Freud’s 1930 work, fear of an authority and fear of the super-ego produce what?
According to Kate Beaton, what do you have to be to get the birds to bring you food?
According to Burton Watson, what is Chuang Tzu’s most lethal tool against all that is stuffy, pious and arrogant?
What are the names inscribed on the eight wooden roundlets added during its restoration in 1847-1849?
On Wednesday, August 21st, 1996, T-bone, a 22-pound white bichon, was lost near the intersection of Reno Street and Belton Avenue of Victoria, British Colombia. What character appears with T-bone in the photo used on his lost dog poster?
What has the fictional forum good of a seller of the ‘greatest dane’ added to it in order to create a challenging, provocative canine?
In the 90’s, the Beatles revealed that a song on the White Album was inspired by one of their dogs, who coincidentally shares a birthday with a former Trivia Master. Name the owner of the dog and the Trivia Master.
Besides sit, lay down, and beg, what does the Buttersafe comic stick figure tell his dog to do?
What product, made by Clever Pet Products, has the saying ‘Let your dog carry the load,’ and what does Alice Hill describe the product?
In an interview with Stephen Colbert in 2008, Andrew Sullivan (a former convocation speaker at Lawrence University) declared who as the winner of the 2008 US Presidential Election?
What does David Thorne tell his landlord happened when he ate Chinese food that had been left in an unsealed container?
In Laurie Anderson’s line notes in her album Big Science, she includes a storyboard. What does the eighth panel say?
In an Allure magazine quiz, there are several Brazilian terms for Shut Out buttocks. What is option A?
In an Olsen Twins movie where they travel to Europe, a friend of theirs in subtitled as saying “I threw an eraser at her in math class” but what does she actually say?
In Ellen Forney’s Comic Collection “I Was Seven in 75” what does Shelly’s imaginary monster Bad Guy Boo Boo do to Shelly?
In the May 1951 issue of Motion Picture Magazine, one product’s advertisement shows off Grace Rodgers’ engagement ring; what was the product?
What is the closest store to Towanda, Pennsylvania where one can buy Seventh Generation organic tampons?
This month, in an interview on TBS, an actress whose films include Sister Act 2, revealed that her new book includes a chapter suggesting women follow her example and do what?
Not counting the fundamental as the first partial, what is the chord signified by the following, slide positions and partials? Include the extensions!1st position1st partial3rd position2nd partial1st position2nd partial3rd position3rd partial2nd position4th partial
What dates are displayed on the plaque that is located Hour immediately above the mail slot of the office that belonged to Arnold Jacobs?
What chord does the 1st four notes of Mozart’s Tuba Mirum spell out?
Who was it that claimed that he did not look at trombones as it encouraged them, a result he did not desire?
When the Mallrats Brodie and T.S. visit the U.S. no. 1 Flea Market, T.S. picks up a baseball cap and tries it on. What does it say on the front of the cap?
What 2 mutes are being used in the selection we are playing for you?
Who is the writer of the ballad parodied in scene 4 Act 1 of Shakespeare’s The Tragedy of King Lear?
During the fire of 1993 at Bjorklunden, a blue three-drawer chest was burned that had two sets of initials on it. Where were the owners of these initials from?
According to R.A. Salvatore’s description, what is the only sound to remind travelers in the Underdark that they have not lost all sense of hearing?
In Alfred Hitchcock’s film Marnie, Sean Connery accuses Marnie of being Southern after her pronunciation of which specific word?
According to Norroena Anglo-Saxon classics there were only 350 Imperial Edition sets made for the entire world; what number set is at Bjorklunden?
In the short lived Clerks: the Animated Series, what does the voiceover say as Jay and Silent Bob drive away in a yellow car?
In Google Earth, if you are on highway A40 in Westway, Hammersmith and you look south at the BBC studio buildings you will see a cardboard cutout of who in an upper story window?
According to Ina Garten, what is the actual size of a half-sheet pan?
A 1999 production of Verdi’s opera da was staged on an oversized book, featuring the name of what monarch?
If you were to call the famous American Mezzo-Soprano Shut Out known for her art song foundation on the phone, what is the correct spelling of the last name of the person who would answer the phone?
What is the title of the cover story featuring Bianca Castafiore, in Paris Flash International?
What is the name of the singer who entertains the onstage Shut Out children during the beginning of the second act of the opera that was broadcast from the Met, the same day that Kulikov skated the world record in 1977?
What is significant about the performance you’re hearing, Thrown Out according to PBS?
A voice teacher who lists a Lawrence faculty member as one of his students also taught a singer who died on stage after singing a tragically ironic line. What are the names of the Lawrence faculty member and the deceased singer?
The famous buffo bass Spiro Malas is known in his voice lessons for using which well-known baritone aria as a vocal exercise, and from which opera does it come?
Gamla Uppsala’s famous Royal mounds were speculated to house the remains of three Swedish kings. What is the direct English translation of what lies immediately to the east of Aun’s mound?
What is the colloquial name for the “Viking” atrocity that Gareth Williams posits may be a literary invention?
According to Frederick Jameson’s translation of Richard Wagner’s Das Rheingold, what is Alberish dragging as the third scene opens?
While imdb.com cast page for Fargo credits J. Todd Anderson as “Victim in the Field,” who is actually listed in the film credits for playing the part of “Victim in the Field”?
According to the lyrics in the second song in YouTube user goldwold’s “Brett Favre Minnesota Viking—Shit Canned!” video, what is all the Minnesota Vikings hear?
What two items are encountered for the first time in the tenth level of the Viking Flash Game “Ice Breaker”?
What Viking item, found at the 1976 archeological excavation in Coppergate, York was immediately tried out for functionality by site director Richard Hall?
In May of 2003, a display stand in York’s Archeological Resource Centre collapsed, causing the Viking item on display to break into three pieces. What was that item?
When Agent Dale Cooper gets 21 at One-Eyed Jack’s Casino Hour he uses 8 cards to do so. If you scored these cards as a cribbage hand how many points would you get in fifteens alone?
According to an 11-year-old website dedicated to the news and Off Campus laws of Singapore, what crime is described by section 67 of the Road and Traffic Act?
Star One is the designation for an F-18 Support Fighter in the film Tears of the Sun. What is the first name of the pilot (his character name)?
According to an Onion video report, the US government plans to use a website to pay off the national debt. In the testimonials on this website, how much does Jeane Bennett say she got?
Which US President agreed to an interview while he was nude?
What specific tool is used by Biology Stockroom to scrape the insides of Erlenmeyer flasks and to transfer material from plates to suspension?
“A Pyrex Scholar” posted an album by what musician who received her childhood nickname for her bad behavior?
What song was supposedly written about a relationship with the woman who portrayed a girl possessed by an Assyrian demon?
During Stop Making Sense, David Byrne puts on a red hat while he introduces the band. How long does the hat stay on his head?
What is the Jacksonville jail number of the woman whose name is referenced in the title of a “Black Table” post that briefly wishes Jews a happy holiday?
In the end, where does the funky worm go?
The drummer who has played with such artists as Rob Zombie, Katy Perry, The Offspring, and Gavin Rossdale released a solo album in March 2009. Along with standard editions of the album for average prices, there are some higher priced limited editions. What is the fifth part of the 10,000 dollar limited edition package?
In the YouTube video Marvel/DC: Disney Buys Marvel, what does Ghost Rider give, and what does Ironman wear?
In the 2005 NYC marathon, what was the name of runner 36201 and what was he dressed as?
In 2009 Kristi Ruff wrote an article in the Lawrentian that states “The story culminates in chaos and betrayal—love lost, families broken.” However, she says that the main character of the show’s name is Louise, which is incorrect. What is the main character’s actual name?
Biologically speaking, if I called “Rule 34” on flowers, what process would I be likely to see at work in response?
According to a study in the Journal of Irreproducible Results by Michael Wade, what two songs negatively affect the home team when played at half-time?
In an anti-drug film narrated by a former Florida Orange Juice spokesperson, what is the narrating girl’s bad habit that is like drugs?
What restaurant did Julia Child’s teacher at le Cordon Bleu ownHour before teaching, but lost due to the second world war?
On the same day that Julia Child and her husband first arrived Hour in France, the current US president Harry S. Truman received a telegram from Wall, Mississippi. Who was the telegram from and what was the sender proud of?
In the film Star Trek: the Undiscovered Country, Captain KirkHour specifies a course for the Enterprise that is a direct quote from what beloved children’s story?
In the Scottish children’s book Maisie Goes to School, Maisie Julia Child Hour passes a Chinese take away restaurant. What is its name?
In Elizabeth Smart & Agnes Ryan’s book, Cooking the FrenchJulia Child Hour Way, there is only one recipe that calls for one ingredient. What is the recipe and what is the ingredient it calls for?
Peter Reinhart, master bread baker, says that his love for bakingHour began when he started cooking out of Julia Child’s Mastering The Art of French Cooking. Years later, when he was in his bread bakery in San Francisco, he almost died in his freezer because of what?
At the 2006 Altoon Locopalooza show choir invitational, what happened during the host choirs ballad?
What do Sally and her partner call the guy in a tuxedo featured on their website about their friends of African descent?
Which community service advocate and producer of essential healing oil blends is heard on television, near the beginning of the movie Precious?
What do I willingly do “when company come”?
As stated by Mo’Nique, what does the girl who comes in late to the live recording of the “Queens of Comedy” film want?
According to the Blue Q, what is the natural essence of Nelson Mandela?
Acocrding to Madea, what has Maylee been ever since she saw “What’s Love Got to Do With It”
Three answers to this question: The Publishing Journal designed for GBTQ black people has a six letter name in what language, what is it’s translation, and from which custom does it come?
According to the creator of the online blog about Stuff Black People Hate, why did God create rain?
In case 40 of the Imperial War Museum’s War on The Home Front section, whose plaque is in there and what letter is missing?
Artist Bryce Levan Cushingi sculpture “Award Winning Elephant” features a metal pendant in the center of the elephant’s head. What is written on this pendant?
On the plaque for the “Walt Haag memorial Broken Propeller Award” who is listed as the recipient for 2002?
According to an online magazine from New Zealand, drinking a martini without vodka or gin is punishable by reruns of what TV show?
What word from the Greek words for “day” and “night” means a period of 24 consecutive hours?
The man who wrote the book about the girl who kicked the home of an insect that stings finished which number one bestseller in 2005?
On the back of the cassette Hot Space by Queen, what song name word is not capitalized?
What is the chant that Tom Dubois is taught during his Phobia therapy?
The equivalent of the Lawrentian’s “Photo Poll”, in “The Independent Student News of UMKC” featured a question about Thanksgiving, what is the name of the only student who doesn’t explicitly mention family or food?
(read in Scottish accent if possible) An oboe professor at Lawrence University shares a name wi’a traditional term for a kind o’gowf-stick. What be the modern name o’ this gowf-stick in the Scots Leed?
This firm that has 8 branches worldwide is known for its quirky ways of working and its founder who won the Edison Award for innovation. (this question was thrown out)
What does Denis Leary do after drinking and before going online?
What is the title of the article posted by Crunchgear apologizing for their relentless criticisms of the iPhone 4’s design flaw?
First Capital connects from “St. Neots” to “Kings Cross” via the home of which major institution?
With which five cards did Gambit win his “baby”?
What is the name of the Park where the little league scenes in “Rookie of the Year” were filmed?
On the Dramm Touch N Flow Revolver Spay Gun, which setting is found between “fan” and “angle”
What was the last band flashed by John Wagner’s character Maxine?
In Grand Central Station’s 2006 showchoir show, one other showchoir’s name is mentioned. What is it?
Who showed Dumbledore how fragile his “balolos” are and how did they do it?
This Olympic athlete won gold in 2000 in Sydney and also has won six world championships in rowing, name this athlete.
John Koenig defines “conversation” as “an archaic medium hat marries the bandwidth of a planetarium with what?
What are the first 8 digits of Big Worm’s phone number?
“A Noise Show’ described as “Discomfort. Standing, waiting, not sure if you’re cool with it, who is this guy?” took place where?
Create an alternative ending for those who are currently viewing “The Goonies” and present it outside of the Cinema. Be there by 1:40 am.
In Michael Sweeney Complete Survival Manual, where does it warn not to get water from?
What is the alternate text of A Softer World comic in which the last panel reads. “She won’t live forever either”?
What kind of car did Professor Vern Roelof’s son drive in the mid 1970s?
In Shreve’s book, upon Webster’s cleaning of the kitchin, what new advice does the silver box have for him?
In the movie “The Birdcage”, Hank Azaria asks Robin Williams why he can’t perform in the show, Azaria thinks Williams is scared of what?
What was Christooph Niemann’s weather prediction for Feb. 28th 2010
In November 2007, the company that distributed the “Push’n Hang Push Hammer” also released a product claiming to wake you up by doing what surprising thing?
In the promotional deck of cards that came with a collector’s edition who is the 7 of clubs and what quote is featured on his card?
According to Michael Dorsey’s roommate Jeff Slater, the American Indian is as American as who?
Christoph Niemann created a pie chart (perhaps better described as a cookie chart) to illustrate the allocation of his assets. What are the three categories of this pie chart?
Accordig to “Da Jesus Book” the prophet Elisha has 42 young guys mauled by a bear because they say what to him?
In a drawing by Thomas Nast from 1881, what is written on the belt that Santa is holding?
What does Stephen Colbert call for synchronized swimming to be replaced with?
What species seems to have found a way to avoid death by cycling back and forth between immature and adult stages?
What does Khloe nickname Rob’s girlfriend on season 2 episode 2 of Keeping Up with the Kardashians?
Give the names of at least 3 of the card sleights for which E.S. Andrews seems to have intentionally described inferior methods in his only published manuscript.
Instead of spending money for heart disease, what did supporters of Congressional candidate Paul R. Nelson allege that Congressman Ron Kind spent our money on?
According to Native American Cove of Northeast Tezas, specifically Comanche, how can one catch an Armadillo once it has buried itself in the ground?
In the 1700s, Britain paid the captains of ships to transport criminals to Australia, per prisoner that got on the ship. How did they change this policy in 1793 and why?
What was the role of the current member of the English royal family in the 1950 Cambridge victory?
Why do robots have an insatiable appetite for sardines?
In the Steven Spielberg film Saving Private Ryan, where do Captain John H. Miller and Technical Sergeant Michael Horvath first meet?
In the 1972 book, “None Dare Call it Conspiracy”, what is the titular conspiracy?
According to the band, where were the first photos of Kings of Leon taken?
What is the beer-chugging device that has a length of 10 inches and a girth of 3 + inches and is hailed by its website as “the fastest and sexiest way to drink beer” ?
The creators of a massive multiplayer online game who helped design a custom map for Warcraft 3 made an alternate frat boy costume for their Viking charter. What is this alternate costumed character’s drink of choice?
A food blogger from a New York suburb posted an article inspired by brining vegetables in a certain flavored drink mix. Instead,by using a substitute for the drink mix, he created what?
If you use the ingredient common to a Freddie Fuddpucker and a Bossanova, and add a screwdriver, what is the result?
In June 2010 podcast which takes its name from a famous film critic known for his facial hair, an emailer asked for a suggestion of a new movie to see. What is the first movie that is suggested?
In Kanye West’s “My Beautiful, Dark, Twisted Fantasy”, the greatest album release of 2010, Kanye works with several Producers. One of the prodeucers recently released a book in October of 2009. In an interview with Steven Colbert regarding wisdom and his new book, what does the author have to say is the number one thing we need to have such wisdom?
A man from Virginia, who shares a birthday with Woody Allen, stated some facts about a particular spokesperson for a certain alcoholic beverage. One of those facts compares a possession of the spokesperson to the possession of a character who appeared in a film with him. What is the item they both possess?
According to a website featuring an image gallery of violent posters from Soviet Russian, there is a drinking game centered around phrases, each one increasing in number of objects. What is the fifth phrase in this game?
When Neo learns jiu jitsu, a commercial for which brand name is referenced?
According to J. R. R. Tolkien’s famous trilogy, under what two conditions does Gandalf believe will cause the end of the Shire’s refuge?
Who composed the score of the film whose footage is borrowed by Sarah Stevens and used in her film “folie” at 1 min. and 36 sec.?
What is the hardest part of being “the storage guy” who is featured in the best ending from people’s court?
In the episode of FX’s Rescue Me titled “!@$”, Tommy Gavin is compared to what 4 other famous people? Note, these must be in order when you call in your answer/
Where is the location of the original written recipe for Pizzeria Uno’s deep dish pizza?
What author is filed under the unusual bookstore section ‘Stupid White Men’?
In step 4 of the instructions for Instant Krazy Glue Home and Office Pen, what is the sentence that follows “Parts to be glued should be clear and dry”?
In the 12th episode of the 2nd season of the show “Brothers and Sisters” some people are seen playing UND. Only one card’s number and color is visibly seen. What character is holding this card?
Below Ellen C. Sabin’s portrait is a picture of four 1954 rowing teams. In this picture, who sits in front of Swanhilde Bekkedahle and what is her title? (OFF CAMPUS)
Who first described what as a “swapping of the brain”?
The film directed by an allusive street artist features a French graffiti artist known for his signature character with long flimsy legs. There is a segment in the film where this artist prints his character above the sign of the street. What street is he on?
According to the man with the self-proclaimed “Best Page in the Universe” what historical “boner moment” happened in 60,000 BCE?
In the British dairy commercial that was so popular its theme song is now available on iTunes, what is the brand of the red tractor featured therein?
The “Shot in a pint glass” is best in terms of space saving and what other factor?
What are the 2 main ingredients in Dick-Gar Guy Tong?
According to the New York Times Best Selling former host of “Showtime at the Apollo”, what three things does a man require of a “lady”
In the New Trivia Times from 1998, the crossword which appears opposite Music question 1 has two words that could be called 1-across. What are they?
What two phrases are spray painted on the doors of either side of the giant slice of bread in Bank Holdup Studios?
According to the case assigned to James Bond, numbered 459217, what letter of what country is missing under the subheading “Case Locations”?Note: the country in question is according to the American English spelling of the country.
Who were the two keynote speakers at Walten Payton College Preparatory High School’s 2010 commencement?
What is the entry under Nicollet County Slam Dunk Champion on Marshall Eriksen’s resume?
The 1996 film Michael Collins and the 1971 scholarly work by the Earl of Longford name two conflicting pseudonames for Irish Revolutionary Michael Collins. Give us the last names of both of these.
In Michael Imdieke and Jason Thomas Spencer’s play “Me”, why doesn’t Webster’s define “mesexuality”?
Who is the professor of Medieval History at /TV/ University?
If the self-proclaimed founder of Wikipedia wants to walk out of his door to the nearest Catholic Church, onto what street must he turn right on?
What does “Art Vandelay Sitcom Fan” use his wheel-mate laptop steering wheel desk for, according to his review on amazon.com
According to music choice on Comcast Digital Cable, what are David Nevue’s influences?
On the first episode of the October 2010 series of BBC’s “Top Gear”, presenter Jamie Clarkson took hear from the international community after he referred to French automobile companies as what?
In the book, Interred with Their Bones, Kate Stanley is continually threatened that she will be harmed, if not killed, in the same manner as a character in what Shakespeare play?
What is the description of the house of the badger on Jester goblin’s recipes for the sorting shots?
A late 2010 edition of popular science features a concept of space-bound launch that uses what 2 still experimental methods of propulsion?
In the third season of 30 Rock, Jack’s mother comes to visit during the anniversary of Jack’s father leaving her. During her stay she requests to change hotels. Why?
What currency named character has a roll in an adult themed animated show?
The book which portrays a penniless man in a top hat wearing American apparel on its authors shirt, relies on which two-letter combination for the triple alliteration featured elsewhere on the cover?—and what is the name of the book?
In the painting by Kang Tso-tien, entitled, “A Former Poor Peasant Tells of Her Happy Life After Liberation”, there are four what stacked in the foreground in the lower right-hand corner?
Among the eccentric, cryptic posting of an Australian man who goes only by “Craig” he mentions meeting up with people who are interested in cake decoration. What does he say to bring along as proof of experience?
On the Amanda Dobbins scale, what kind of hot is James Franco?
There is a printing error in the parts for Steve Reich’s “Different Treins”. How are quartet members supposed to fix this error during a performance?
Which character regularly featured in Animaniacs has heterochromia iridium?
According to A.M. McCloud’s “Fortune-Telling Book of Dreams”, dreaming of what foretells a “romantic union with an uninteresting and tiresome mate?”
What TV show character’s house number corresponds to the year the movie adaptation of the show gained recognition by the Guiness Book of World Records for its profanity?
this type of throw is associated with a popular south asian sport and is one in which the ball goes dangerously close to the players head. (Off Campus)
The singer of songs like “Crow” and “Illinois” was also a photographer and has photographs of, among other things, a headstore, on his website. What name is written out the top of this headstore, and in what was this person born?
A ping pong enthusiast’s favorite crossword was published on Nov. 5th, 2996. What was the elevation of the highest ping pong club at which this person has played?
Give four specific examples of people who are joining a religion simply by reciting “Taruu’s Prayer”. Give their first names and professions.
What four books are advertised on the inside cover of the free sampler excerpt of The Dark High-lauder by Karen Moning
What is the reminder on the page in the 40th Anniversary Great Midwest Trivia Contest commemorative calendar that asks the name of the boat in “Creature from the Black Lasoon”?
Who was the architect of the house that used to stand at 127 N. Union St.?
The actor who plays Travis March on ABC’s “Brothers and Sisters” also plays a character in the show “True Blood”. What is this characters former lover’s name?
In 1988 when Lawrence had to terminate the tenancy of those renting 738 E. John St., who did they kick out?
What is the geographic origination of Dutch Yellow Boys?
During one episode of the 2nd season of the show “Burn Notice” an actor’s nickname appears in quotation marks, what is his name?
In a popular book release in the 80s that supplied you with jokes regarding topics such as race, ethnicity, and body parts, what chapter is succeeded by the chapter on religion?
In Civilization 4, What is the quote read when a palyer unlocks the technology that reveals the world mal?
On the front of what book can you find the names of a former first lady and an actor who starred as a senator in a 1939 film?
According to Conan O’Brien, what does one Japanese company hope go over better than their “sir-mix-a-lot-yams” ?
In the Fox Sports Channel replay of Manchester united vs. Blackburn-originally aired by FSC on November 27th, 2010-how was the Blackburn player Salgado described in reference to his practice ethic?
These were first discovered in Britain and were found buried under a prehistoric house and believed to be from the Bronze Age. What are these things that researchers discovered?
In an August 27th issue of a Chicago Newspaper, a film critic gave a public thank you to the Weinstein Company for not making the trailers of which movies?
In 1976, what winery produced the winning wine at the Judgment of Paris, and what AVA does its own AVA border?
What is the third paragraph of the last track of Information Society’s release, Peace and Love, Inc.?
What is the middle name of the trivia master who grew up in the same town that the creator of Lawrence’s largest pipe organ’s firm is located?
The TV show “The Office” has come out with inspirational quote magnets. One of them Michael Scott compares himself to a cool teacher he had in middle school. What is this teacher’s name?
What is the first line of the poem that accompanies the illustration on the inside cover of the book Chinese Love Poems, illustrated by Seong Moy?
What is the 7th best thing about the farm animal bucket that matt of x-entertainment purchased and why?
In the November/December 2010 publication of “Russian Life”, there is the photo of a placard positioned above a photo of a Soviet working class family in the 1950s. If translated the placard says what?
In the third book of “Gremlin Adventures”, what does Pete say to be more fun that the arcade?
There is a film in which a boy pees on his family’s dinner to save them. This boy has three flags next to his bed that have baseball player’s names on them. What is the name on the lowest flag?
P. Adams Sitney wrote an article about a Russian filmmaker whose best known work is considered “both difficult to follow on first viewing and rewarding to return to”. What are the three elements in the film that Sitney claims to be the reason of this?
Two Merrie Melodies cartoons in the 1940s had a similar subject to a particular episode of the Twilight Zone. In these two cartoons, Bugs Bunny and a gremlin share the same bit of dialogue. What do they both say?
According to a history professor at Yale, a heretical sect in Western Tsarist Russia used a procedure to destroy their dismembered appendages called what?
When comparing the morals of a film, in which Emilio Estavez was considered for the lead role, to the real life challenges of raising children, Gary Cross brings up a dilemma that famous etiquette authority figure came across when she asked people to do what?
In an article explaining a cartoon that satirizes book burning in the digital age, how is “Hacker Ethos” defined? (Off Campus Only)
After beginning a Hunger Strike in order to protest the killing of baby cows for use as veal, Mrs. Cartman delievers food to the boys of South ark after how many hours?
What does Susan say Carol’s breast-milk tastes like?
The movie “Donna on Demand” was written and directed by Corbin Bernsen. However, a trade was made for a role in this movie. The item traded for the role was originally traded for what?
Using the key, how does Brooke the Goldfish get back home under the bed.
On the cover of “The Fifties”, a 1975 book of nostalgia by Martha Saxton, what is printed on the sash of the 2nd woman from the left?
What does it say on Fictional English runner Ros Lamb’s medal?
This highly respected filmmaker, writer, and director who wrote the screenplay for the film version of Frank Herbert’s best-selling science fiction novel, also created a short conveying his love of quinoa. What is the brand of salt he uses to flavor his quinoa, and what supermarket is this brand unique to?
What industry led indirectly to the huge population of cats on Tashiro Island?
When catfort dispatches its lobsters to the dog fort on the south shore of lake Superior, which company runs into trouble, and where?
What notable character was summoned for jury duty by Suffolk Superior Crown Court in Boston, for March 23, 2011 and why can’t she or he make it?
What is the organization tip no. 23 regarding writing utensils and felines?
What are the ingredients in the destructive cocktail that Rock Rickaby gives his cousin Calvin before they head off to destroy a pig farm?
In the “top news story” presented by Colin Mochrie during an episode featuring a feline-related joke, what is the punchline?
What painting was sold for the highest sum ever paid for a painting at an art auction in 2010 and who is the painting by?
What was keeping Vicki Greenwood and Tiger from energizing?
In his lecture “Lie in the Textbooks”, Kent Hovid deliberately slips up, calling National Geographic what?
In the film “The 40 Year Old Virgin”, Cal makes a comment about one of Andy’s action figures. What action figure is placed directly above the action figure mentioned?
What beanie baby was born in May 4th, 1998 and what is significant about its tush tag?
In Post Alley in Seattle, WA, what is the largest phrase spelled out in pink bubblegum?
In 1865,President Andrew Johnson was given a gift of a very unusual piece of furniture. What was so unusual about it and who gave it to him?
What two types of ‘strain’ cause Cyclopropane to be an unhappy, but stable structure?
What are the answers to 41-down in the New York Times crossword puzzle that appeared 4 months after Dolly the sheep was born?
A ruler known for apparently forcing gypsies to eat eachother was portrayed in a music video by the creator of a British comedy show. In the episode where the main characters meet a fisherman who glues seashells to things, there is a carton of a funk bassist holding a poster, what does the poster say?
Who contributed the chicken & white wine sauce for two recipes in the 2006 Lawrence Academy of Music “Note-able Recipes”?
In the latest map of online communities, what is found directly below “hot air”?
Csaba Erdelyi on the Hungarian people, reflected that he’s “heard it said that they are the only human race to,” what?
What is the 20th “Common Sense Reminder” Katrina Wreede lists in Violaerobics?
In which parts of the bow does Louis Kievman advise practicing a fast deteche stroke?
The Bartok Viola Concerto had its premiere with the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra on December 2, 1949. What piece immediately preceded it on the program.
In what 2 Episodes of South Park does Cartman utter in phrase “tacos” and “burritos” in a Spanish accent?
What made William Primrose’s left hand particularly suited to the viola, according to him?
“The Anthology of British Viola Players” says this violist could be described as “red hot” and “magnet” in discussion this violist’s youth, she is described as keen what and proficient what?
From what three pieces are orchestral excerpts required to be played in order to achieve a Grade 10 certificate in viola according to the 1994 Royal Conservatory of Music syllabus?
For what duration is a performer supposed to continue the C R^b F-sharp D pattern for which the direction “alternating quickly ordinary and harmonic” position of fingers is given on the last page of Berio’s Sequenza for solo viola.
To whom is William Primrose’s arrangement of Hugo Wolf’s “Italian Serenade” dedicated?
What does the shirt of the girl who is seated next to Russ during Team USA’s match with Italy say?
In late March of 1906, Harry Houdini was examined by Dr. J. E. Rourke, who found that Houdini’s arms had a serious problem. Houdini was apparently threatened with being what?
A woman near Appleton received a surprise when she found what in the box of her Christmas present from her children?
What is the last name of the police officer who stops and interrogates Theirry Guetta and his accomplice in Los Angeles as seen in “Exit Through the Gift Shop”?
In the Focus Features Collector’s Edition of a movie that references the hometown of the lead actors wife, there is an introduction by the head of a film preservation company. A reference is made to a fire at one of the company’s plants. What was the English name of the only casualty in the fire?
A man appearing on a talk show wearing the name ‘David’ in sequins on his shirt had what explode during a demo?
My fellow Stanford grad’s new design for a syroscopic paper shredder does not work, I console him by reminding him of the three f’s, what are they?
In the example outbreak journal in the Zombie Survival Guide, where is the possible zombie outbreak located and where do the police send the initial dead to get an autopsy?
“Lil Dub Chefin’s” Source material’s source material played as what band took the stage on October 30th, 2008
Teenage Zombie Zack “Half Pipe” Boyd’s skateboarding skills have diminished because of what?
In the Undead and Philosophy: Chicken Soup for the Soulless, who prominently misquotes a line from a 2004 zombie movie?
What does Akward Zombie’s original character Ron say after being asked if he killed the neighbor’s kids again?
In the official left 4 Dead comic, it is revealed why the main characters never became infected. What is it?
In ‘missing bits’ special feature on the Shaun of the Dead DVD, what does Diane say dawned on her after running into the zombie hoarder using her boyfriend’s leg as a cudgel?
What is written on the inside of the door to the manager’s office at Adventureland?
In season 3 (episode 1) of Parks and Recreation Leslie Knope uses what abbreviation to greet her fellow co-workers?
What does the Lupe Tinello say after his owner tells him that the ‘candy’ he has been eating is actually crayons?
What is the title and the author of the story about a young woman who sleeps between her young dead husband and her young old husband?
In an irate letter to an irritating customer, the CEO of a successful direct-to-public refinery mentions returning the customer’s ziplock bag of “14-Karat gold nuggets” how were these nuggets acquired?
In the movie “Push” Dakota Fanning continually gets visions of her death. What animal always accompanies these visions?
Although the Great Midwest Trivia Contest has always taken heat from various places for the unorthodox nature of our questions and the even more unorthodox of players attempting to answer them, the 45th contest’s Super Gurruda, regarding the broken propeller award received more attention than usual. What East-Coast Professor reived phone calls regarding his involvement in the Walt Haag Memorial Broken Propeller Award?
What division of Williams Street is the branch directly under the Williams Street Morse Code Club?
What is the license plate number of the man that Herc pulls over after Bubbles gives him bad information?
During the 2008-2009 academic year, Girl Talk performed on campus. After the show, he asked for a pair of scissors. 1-why did he ask for scissors? And 2.-what was left behind after he used the scissors?
Bryce Courtenay’s first release book refers to St. John Burnham in the context his position as an antagonist of which famous comic character?
In 1990, Western Publishing Company released their second edition of the hit board game “Girl Talk”. It is a game of truth of dare in which girls ‘share special secrets’, ‘perform hilarious stunts’ and ‘win fantasy fortunes’! In the game, what does the lucky winner get a chance to do?
According to the English Version of the Leni Riefenstahl film Olympia, who was the first to jump in the 2.03 meter High Jump event in the 1936 Olympic Games?
Who is the inspiration for Pat Montesian, the manager of the half-way house in David Foster Wallace’s Infinite Jest?
Housed in the National Museum of Ireland or one of its extended branches, what 15th century artifact was present to hurling competitors for luck?
Only once in all of the three seasons of “RuPaul’s Drag Race” has a queen ever competed in two different seasons. Who is this queen?
In the musical “The Big Gay Musical”, a character named Dorothy sings a song whose ending is identical to a torch song sung by a character in what musical?
What famous gayzor has constructed a dress out of caramel corn?
Two gayzoric characters from “American Beauty” and “Brokeback Mountain”, respectively, appear together in which movie from the 90s?
A portion of a W. H. auden poem is used in the book “The Joy of Gay Sex”. What section of the book can it be found?
If a former Hour Member of the ballroom scene visited Chicago’s Boystown, which resturaunt’s title might be reminiscent of a vogue battle?
According to “Sex: A User’s Manual” what two soceities have accepted homosexuality as a normal aspect of sexuality?
According to the Dr. Charles Silberstein’s book, “The Joy of Gay Sex”, the subculture of homosexuals referred to as “bears” have their own code. Within the code, what does ‘et’ mean?
From what animals are the heads of chimaras 5,7, and 2 by Rosy England Fisher?
A study published in 1927 defines the slang term “to hook ‘em” as “to get drunks by the arm”. How does the same study define the slang term “shag”?
What is academic slang term for 1.2 milliseconds?
According to Chuck Sambuchino, what are the best breeds of perhaps the smartest addition to your home in order to prevent an invasion of garden gnomes?
According to Peter Dean Rickard’s most secretive subject, what is a Dan Castellaneta character “now doing”?
Carol and Tracy will not be submitted to what, thanks to Jeff Aronson?
Dan Lord gave away what to a lucky fan on January 1st, 1996?
Enrico Dini hopes to someday create buildings through hashD printing using what unexpected material?
What is Thor Harris’ third rule for how to tour in a band?
If Johnny Cash were reading the LOLcat bible, what would be the last lines of his song, “The Man Comes Around?
What are Anna, Lester, and Jeff’s reasons for wanting to quit repairing the computers that would Ensure Chuck Bartowski’s promotion to assistant manager?
According to an Australian publication which 3 nutritious items have been used in pepto-bismo like capacities for thousands of years?
The conductor whose recording of a piano concerto was featured on the front cover of BBC Music Magazine has a last name which translates to mean “what” in English?
In Snakeshead Terror, what does Amber use to get the snakehead fish that attaches to her arm off?
What does the CAPTCHA say in the webcomic rant about shopping cart design by Matthew, whose likes include gravity and whose dislikes include typhoons?
What name for a structural part of a ship is also an insulting and upsetting thing to do to a toilet?
Why should you not use the Ionic Breeze to filter the air around your Dungeon and Dragons rule books?
Cited by Joshua Piven and David Bogenicht what is Brady Geril’s third tip for surviving gunfire if you are the primary target?
what band exploded a goat on stage and played at “The Most Horrible Bowl of Nachos” on June 12th
In the 1970’s horror film featuring a skeleton dancing to a man eating piano, there is a painting of a cat who plays a major role in the storyline. According to the author who wrote an essay about the film for the Criterion Collection, whose artwork does this painting resemble?
What is the most commonly used stitch after post-mortem arterial injections?
In the book written by a kind, who was taught the rites of incantation,s when must the ritual of becoming the owner of a spirit’s treasure be performed and what does your oil need to be mixed with?
At the battle of Stalingrad some soviet soldiers were shot by their own men when they began to retreat during an offensive. What is the source of this WWII Red Army Policy?
How did the inventor of Victorian England’s most famous countermeasure for premature burial die?
what is The Warrior’s two part validation?
How does vagrant ‘Mitchy The Bug’ begin each day?
People named Lynn should do what on Wednesday Night Super Bingo at the Halifax Senior Center
In “Pussycat Vision” what disease do Kendal and Kylie think Bruce has?
What did Harmony Korine do and what happened to him on the last day of shooting his movie, Gummo, aside from filming?
What unconventional vegetable flavored soda has been around since the 1860’s and is the only one of its kind on the market?
Of the “60 gorgeous guys to choose from” in the classic board game “Heart Throb”, what is the name of the guy wearing a Florida Gator sweatshirt?
On NPR’s “Wait Wait Don’t Tell Me”, a veterinarian answered a multiple choice question about a man who served time in prison for distributing steroids to athletes. The question pertained to his former job. What were the incorrect answers of this question?
What brand of rolling papers are featured in a photo submitted to the High Times in August of 2010
An artist known for his contribution to a band whose guitarist worked on the film “Jurassic Park” also contributed to a book focusing on the effects of a certain hallucinogenic drug. In the book, the first two patients to receive doses of the drug coincidentally became attracted toward the same object during their first documented trips what was this attraction towards?
According to the man who has received awards from the New York Planning Commission for designing a playground for handicapped children, what joint is popular in Canada and is “perhaps the best but most difficult to make?”
If I saw Phish perform the song “Grinol” live n May 24th, 2009, what would the total sum of all the numbers sung add up to?
Rolling Stone caught a photo of Nas and Damien Marley in their tour bus smoking a joint and watching what?
According to a wildlife feature from BBC Worldwide on predator owls, the bird’s soft velvety feathers with serrated edges do what to the air?
On Pandora.com, what is listed as the 7th feature of the song “Because I got High” by Afroman?
In the “Grateful Dead Family Album” there is a page n which the origin of the name of the Grateful dead’s music publishing company is explained. Also on that page is a photo of the director of the publishing company. In this photo, who are the two people pictured on the wall?
In the Town, a literary creation of Murakami, what time does the defunct clock tower display?
According to Edgar Wright, if Imhotep is invisible, exactly how far from Lord Scotland is Jean standing?
According to John Keogh, what were Andrew W.K.’s last words?
What two items does Gob Bluth buy at Ancient Chinese Secret?
What is the slogan of Sani-Tours’ Paris express?
What are the first 3 episodes in which Old Kid is featured in Invader Zim?
In a scene where Agent Cooper refers to an event that happened in 1959, what words are erase? Also what was the event?
What is written on the sign hanging over the entrance of the hotel’s upper floor in Gozu, directed by Takashi Miike?
Although the GPS coordinates issued by Danney Archer in the 2006 film Blood Diamond do not actually exist, if one was to insert a decimal after the first 2 units on both coordinates, where would these new coordinates place a traveler (or in the case of the film, a helicopter)?
If you were to enter the code JLOP when ordering from Adventures unlimited Press. What book would you be ordering?
In the 1910 edition of the Werner Encyclopedia, VOl. XXIII, what is the first illustration on the page titled “Airships and Flying Machines”?
What animal is being ridden in the 10th panel of a 14 panel comic illustrating how to speak with customer service representatives?
When the Aqua Teen Hunger Force moves from their home, what do the pack in Boxy Brown?
According to the 3rd season of 30 Rock, with which demographics is TGS the most popular?
According to Max, the accidental writer-director of an independent film, “throwing up is never cool unless what?
Erik Bana’s character in the film Munich is once referred to by a mistaken name while on a job in London. If one were to call the first link by this name found on a standard Google search, what telephone number would you use? Include the Area Code.
How quickly is our galaxy moving towards the centarus?
Why is it ok to feed the dog, Joey, razorblades?
What is kato’s email?
In 2008, who had the most expensive US non-presidential campaign?
Discovered in April 2008, what is the faux cure for AIDS?
What does a drunken sailor do that Obama and Congress do not, when it comes to spending?
In the Stephen King novel for which a seemingly naked woman is seemingly doing the water sprinkler dance move , the very brief character whose last name is homonymous to a certain type of domesticated animal, gives what command?
According to humor columnist Dave Barry, what is Finland’s form of government?
What organization invited violist Rae Jenkins to conduct their annual festival in the Sheffild England City Hall, beginning in 1959?
Although Paula Deen made her name on The Food Network and through her lovely cookbooks, she has also acquired quite an internet following. In one particular youtube video, Paula and her guests take a traditional baked Italian pasta dish and place it between two halves of a loaf of bread. How many times during the video do Paula and her guest utter the words “mmm” & “ooh”?
For which three reasons does Paula Deen remind Drew’s mom of Father Christmas?
What do Paula Deen, Woody Allen, Shirley Jackson, & Kim Bassinger have in common?
For the recipe that Paula Deen describes as “so damn good” but which she also notes being tired of…which three dairy ingredients are used?
Paula Deen didn’t make any New Years resolutions “because [she’s] weak and it just sets [her] up for failute” She did make a few commitments though. Other than learning to use a computer and e-mail, what other commitment did Ms. Deen tell her friends in Los Angeles?
In one of Paula Deen’s x-mas episodes she mentions two types of female…what does she encourage the latter group to do?
Why does Paula Deen “love holiday cookie swap parties?
An L. L. C. claimed that of the videos produced for the company by Paula Deen were loaded with what?
Which Austrailian was so inspired by a 1949 book translated by Therese Pol that he created furniture based off of one of the author of this book’s signature ideas?
What is the brand and color name of the nail polish shown in the 10th advertisement in Taschen Books’ “60s Fashion” book.
Name two historic names for the twon lying on the 15th stop on the commuter service along the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad running west from Chicago.
In the 1992 film adaptation of the James Fenimore Cooper novel The Last of the Mohicans, Cora Monroe refers to the last name of the main character, Hawkeye. What, if this name is correct, would be Hawkeye’s full English name?
According to Brad Neely, what are the powers of Nick Flannel’s (pronounced like the shirt) invention?
What famous country singer shares her first name with a stuffed sheep who has a personality disorder?
An episode of “Monty Python’s Flying Circus” features a horse who shares its name with a character in “Monty Python and the Holy Grail” what is the last thing that the owner of the horse searches people for?
In season one of the TV show “Alias” Francine’s boyfriend sings a song at a bar. What is the name of the song?
The shoes worn by Wednesday in the David Letterman performance of “The Addams Family Musical”, are identical to the hsoes worn by a character in a recent Lawrence University Theatre Production. What is the name of the character who wore these shoes?
How does one say “political science” in Arabic?
What two jobs did Liz Lemon’s boss have while he attended college?
In “Official Titles of the Former Han Dynasty: An Index compiled by Rafe De Crespiguy” What title is listed below “Gentleman of the Feathered Forest Bearing an Umbrella”
In Jimmy Kimmel’s cameo in a Call of Duty Black ops promo, what phrase is written on his weapon?
What song do Crash and the Boys dedicate to Wallace Wells?
As a warrant for the arrest of a chronic drunk who disrupted a light saber duel was issued, what did the judge say?
Who created the pictures of golfers and “Joe” the card dealer, on display at the Gaylord, MI Arby’s?
What is the rhyming motto of Dawson City, Yukon’s grossest attraction?
What is the name of a recently reanimated elephant calf, and what does the mother’s name mean?
Where is Cotton Hill’s final resting place, and what are the 3 rules of the establishment? (off campus only)
The 132 Active members of the Trinity Officers Training Corps were presented with a small replica of what award after their participation in the first 7 days of the Easter Rising in 1916
In the Animal X episode about Thylacines, an animal caracass in found before the team of researchers are able to set up their camera traps according to Daniel Searle, how did this animal die?
In his top ten list titled “so good they made it thrice” how does Mark Cousins describe the Godfather trilogy?
According to Bob Leckie, what was the term coined by some marines on the Pacific front. For any running or festering sore?
In the booklet to the album, Impromtu, by The Bob Mamet Trio, who has the same name, with the exception of one letter, of an uncle to a trivia master who was on the fifth hour of this contest?
In a game traditionally plated on November 3rd and known for being scoreless sirece 1.909, What is the visiting team’s official name?
In the episode that Dennis breaks Dee’s lamp that her father got her from China, what does Mac’s shirt say while he and Dennis are trying to pick women up at the mall?
In the episode of Arrested Development, which features an Animatronic known as “Spinny the Clown”, there is a scene in the office of the gothic castle that has three framed portraits on the wall behind the desk. What is the name and title of the magician in the center portrait?
According to Comcast, how was the story of Frankenstein meant to be told?
What two women serving as first ladies are omitted from the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum’s placement featuring the presidents & ladies of the United States of America?
In Matt Bors fictional edited version of Art Spiegelman’s Maus, what are the Jews redrawn as, and how does Time describe this version?
Although no grammatically correct of correct in matters of syntax, the language of the Minions in Despicable Me is nevertheless a very complete creation. Which Minion, previously named in the film, makes the statement translated as “I am Gru, I have male pattern baldness and male pattern fatness”.
What product is recommended by Robery Haynes-Peterson for Freddy Krueger to address the problem of his “hauntingly f’d up face”
According to Worthnone, what community south of Stevens Point is poisoned by what structure?
Though lazy and docile for most of the year, the golden beasts of the town at the End of the World become fierce and fight once a year. For how long does this violence occur and at what time of year? (off campus)
When Cookie Monster appeared on Stephen Colbert’s “The Colbert Report”, Cookie Monster compared his cookie addiction to what actor?
An African cryptid said to have magical powers, and whose females can turn into beautiful women to lure men and eat them, was discovered to exist in 1847. What was this creature called before and after the 1847 discovery?
The Sacrilicious University of Useless Bullshit offers what comparable majors instead of Theology?
What does Golborth the evil dragon mage from Kentuckyonia have for teeth?
What mental image does memory man Ron White use to remember the number 6?
Which is the center-most of the buttons on the metronome with a brand the same as the ultimate, enemy-based challenge in a video game and a model number which is 5 whole numbers after the square of 5 and is prefixed with the letters “DB”?
What character description did the animators of the Nerd luck void have on his production sketch?
In a photo in which a part of Jeff Foxworthy’s face is photoshopped upside down, what is he holding in his right hand?
In chapter 7 of John Wesley White’s book The Man from Krypton, who “came in from outer space at inestimable speed?”
What is tattooed across the stomach of Boo Yaa T.R.I.B.E. member “Gawtti”?
Who is Lee Eduard’s (The Christian Con Man’s) Mavi Girl, after all?
According to a Cracked info graphic, why would a plane ticket cost 878 dollars?
A man known for revoicing public service announcement, collaborated with a comedy duo to overdub a Japanese TV series. Due to copyright laws, the show was never released. In the one viewable episode what scents are the man on Planet Xaxu’s mood candles?
According to the Lifetime Network, Amber is a real what?
What must one obtain for the ‘dressing test’ portion of Jaspal’s evaluation if someone is ready to have children?
What things does the hauntening fridge think are scaring?
When Google sued the United States of America in October 2010, who served the papers to Christopher Krafahek?
In “Mulan” two of the three guardians in the ancestor temple are clearly specific animals. What are the two animals?
When King Louie dances with Baloo in Disney’s “The Jungle Book” it is the exact same animation sequence seen in a different Disney movie. What are the names of two characters dancing?
In an old Disney book, Mickey receives some bananas in the mail; however there is a stowaway in the crate. What is his name?
In the original Disney movie “The Shaggy Dog” the main character’s love interest is a young woman. This actress sang a song with The Beach Boys in which she claims repeatedly to love who?
What two Disney songs are put together into a medley that acts as the ballad of the 2011 La Crosse Logan Class Act Showchoir show?
Which famous Broadway choreographer’s wife’s original competitive dance partner was the model for Prince Charming in Disney’s “Snow White and the Seven Dwarves?”
According to the play “Breaking the Code”, Alan Turing was quite fond of what fairytale?
In the video, “Confessions of a Disney Employee”, two different Disney songs are utilized. What are they?
In the holding room of the popular ride “Rockin’ Rollercoaster” in Disney’s MGM studios park, the riders watch a video hosted by the band Aerosmith. At the end of the video, one member can be seen doing what lewd gesture?
What will Matt Shepherd’s website do by 2058?
What dietary supplement had its main ingredient pulled because of meth related concerns during the 5 years between the events of a recent miniseries and its Showtime premiere?
What word can disc jockey John Peel not remember when introducing the band Melt-Banana?
What is the penultimate sentence included on the back of the most recent trivia documentary DVD cover?
What non-canon item does think geek say is issued to Starfleet Academy graduates whose uniforms are of the security/ops variety?
What title does Suzette Charles possess today that replaced the title she originally won in 1984?
In 1981, what company issued a special limited edition ceramic liquor bottle in the shape of a green-winged teal?
Why did the mammal choose the bird for the Secret Santa gift exchange?
One particular hobby of Jeff Bridges is photography. While on the set of “True Grit”, Jeff Bridges took a photo of Barry Peppers looking at himself in the mirror. What was Jeff’s description for the photo?
During this year’s MLK celebration in Lawrence’s Chapel, what are the lyrics of the only verse introduced as Ysaye Barnwell’s favorite verse?
Why did Monique wear that gardenia in her hair?
Rumors began surfacing about this persons sexuality when this person was seen canoodling while celebrating the wedding of Alicia Keyes and Swizz Beatz.
What is the seventh track on the April 2005 album of a musical artist with the same name as Valerian from Valerian and Laureline’s black friend?
This singer smoked cigarette after cigarette before performances to get the sound they desired. Unfortunately this ended their life at age 45.
What announcement associated with the “King of Retail” caused commotion in 2010, and where?
What question does Pastor Troy pose about those who are ecstatic that they’re going to heaven?
This man was a high school dropout, founded a company that was known for its “ballad-based blend of traditional black harmonies and gospel music with the best rhythm and blues” and was inducted in the rock and roll hall of fame.
The black person who sang in TJ Maxx’s holiday commercials last year, was featured on what show in the 90s?
Which fictional Tracy Jordan film do Jesse Schedeen and Phil Pirrello like to see produced before others?
What are the new patterns available for the slanket as of Sky Mall’s spring 2011 catalogue?
Who illustrated the “Paris in Edit” feature of Aeroports de Paris Magazine in the July-August 2010 issue?
On the cover of the children’s songbook Fun’n’Folk, what is the sword-toting frog carrying in his basket?
In the musical episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Willow has a solo during the song “Walk Through the Fire”, what does she think?
What was the original price of the 8-comic set that included a comic about two drug-using Disney characters and an African Shaman?
According to the BBC last year, what is the site of the fastest computer in the world made by Fujitsu? Give the processor speed also.
As the Green Hornet and Kato tried (and failed) to order some chicken tenders, what company’s vehicle did they hit with 2 missiles?
What does the notepad that Bear tato gets “oh boy’s” autograph say on it, pre-autograph?
If you cannot choose what thing for sale the David Horvitz will mail you, what does he say you should take into consideration and what thing would the person considering this purchase?
Which “homeboys serving time” does Ganxsta Ridd thank in the cassette liner notes of the album New Funky Nation?
During William Primrose’s 1st full season with the London String Quartet, he secretly burnt his left hand immediately preceding a performance. What pieces were played during this concert?
In the second to last advertisement in Paste Magazine’s June/July 2010 issue, what does the Wall Street Journal have to say about the product?
What are the names of the rabbis who presented at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom on August 28th, 1963, and what organizations did they represent?
To whom was Newbury Award Winning author referring when he wrote that he loves him “unshakably, unquestioningly, as one does a parent”?
During his work on Superman: Red Son, artist Dave Johnson “got a lot of crap” from his friends for adding what to Batman’s costume?
In Jeff Loes and Tim Sales Batman: The Long Halloween, a serial killer commits his crimes on Holidays. Each chapter is named for these holidays except for two chapters when the killer strikes at Halloween. When combined, the titles of the chapter form an allusion to a novel by what author?
In the storyline in which Bruce Wayne trains under Lady Shiva to take back Gotham City, what are the five attributes to the “way of the wild beast”?
After performing surgery on Bruce Wayne, Thomas Elliot is shown in front of an issue of the Daily Planet. Besides Bruce Wayne’s, what are the other three names that can be read on the front page of the issue?
In the Batman Forever Battle at the Big Top 3-D board game, what words are printed on the Two-Face battle coin besides “WIN”, “LOSE” and “COPYRIGHT 1995 DC”
For Grant Morrison’s “ARkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth”. Writer Jim Clements suggested that the Joker have a beard in order to allude to what Freudian Theory?
According to Larry Townsend, if Ian had a brown hanky in his left back pocket and an orange hanky tied around his right arm, Travis had a black and white striped hanky around his left ankle and a red hanky on his right belt loop, Steve had a blue hanky in his right pocket, and Addy had a yellow hanky on his left belt loop and a leopard hanky on his right arm, what would be the only possible compatible sexual pairing (That is, who does what to who)?
(say: we've decided to start a tradition of recycling one question per contest) How many total logs of wood can be found on all of the resource cards in the most recent edition of Settlers of Catan?
This year's Grand Master was once interviewed about his trip to Nepal in a Lawrence University Volunteer Community Service Center article. At the end of the article, what is he quoted as heartwarmingly saying?
According to Tom Haverford, who will be our next president?
A magazine featuring the articles "How to Dress of Success" and "Balboa Towers Gets a Facelift" had an earlier issue with an article "To Eat or Not Eat?" What is the main article featured in this earlier issue and who is it by?
In 1810, the population of New Milford, Masachusetts was 638. What was the town's population in 2010?
In Lawrence's video on the Lawrence Experience, what are the two labels on the petri dish holder?
What did the world's funniest man, according to Mark Twain, hypothesize was floating in space?
The glass that came with Bazil's Pub and Provisions January beer of the month has what exclamation written above the glass's only Mammal?
What does the company who shares a name with a defunct LU student group descended from the Fijis and whose lot number is the same as an asteroid with a T_jup of 3.411, which was discovered by a man poisoned by detergent, have "a wealth of experience and knowledge in"?
Almost two years after the album's release what did Protest the Hero loveingly refer to their album "Fortress" as?
If Neil Harbisson went to a funeral, what colors would he wear? Why?
In some Arthurian Legends, Merlin has a sister named Gwendydd. According to an office of plugged-in internet sorcerers, what mineral is her grail made of?
On the back of the bottle, what is the uppermost text on the label of Goose Island's 2012 Harvest Ale?
In the very opening of the movie "White on Rice", what is the loudest bird call heard?
What are the nicknames of the props and makeup department of Kenosha police department's halloween video?
Stephen Thrower's "Nightmare USA" contains a chapter on a film that Patton Oswalt references extensively in his album "Werewolves and Lollipops". What are the complete credits to the 1980's pirated version of this film?
One of the most evil and ugly woman in all of Europe staying in room 208 promises what to a young boy at exactly 6:15?
In a movie, when Mrs. Firzzle asks an ex-Phantom Planet member if he has ever exceeded the confines of the three dimensions and the one temporal dimension, how does he respond?
Only one member of the original cast provides the voice for his respective character in all 26 episodes of NPR's adaptation of Star Wars. In the narrative, this character comes up with a different way to hide from Imperial Storm Troopers than is shown in the movies. what does he/she do instead?
A re-imagining of episode VI more in the vein of Lucas' original ideas for the film includes a character sometimes referred to as Luke's actual sister and hints at a scene in which Luke beheads Darth Vader. In this retelling, what new plot events does the author say make Boba Fett reasouably more cool?
According to a columnist in the Vol. CXXX No. 10 edition of the Lawrentian, what are the three newly publicized sequels to a movie that came out this past December?
What specific objects and actions were recorded and then layered as sound effects beneath all of Jabba the Hutt's dialogue and movement in Return of the Jedi?
Though the ownership is often disputed, after purchasing an excessively fruity drink, Han Solo once lost the Millennium Falcon to Lando Calrissian in a game of sabacc due to a last-second rule change. What was the final set of rules called, and what was his losing hand?
In The Empire Strikes Back, three different men provided the voice of Darth Vader at different stages in the movie's production.  For the NPR adaptation of the film, a fourth man provided the voice. Who are they?
Ken Steadman, a man who spent 12, 857 minutes watching The Empire Strikes Back over the course of slightly more than three months, comically suggests what might be R2-D2 and Boba Fett's greatest fears?
The current owner of Lucasfilm Ltd. used one of its newly-acquired sound bytes in a recent film. What sound byte was it, and what is happening in the movie when it is heard?
In a made for tv pokemon movie, what innovative thing does Brock say he will do, in his own words, to deal with the fact that it is raining?
In response to a quote from a politician whose wife recently wrote a book featuring an elephant in a copotain on the cover, where does Jon Stewart propose that he went to school and what was the school's mascot?
In the middle of a video about a pupil having a bad dream during a Stony Brook Lecture, the uploader opens a music player. What song and artist is the uploader listening to?
This professional sports team from a Nordic country is known for its celebrations after scoring. What does the player who is picked up by the others pretend to be in their celebration involving six players posing for an imaginary camera?
What is the chorus of Taser Bill's rap that was inspired by Rodney King?
What rule does Mitch Gallagher say Allan Holdsworth is an exception to?
What is the name of the art show that is named after the Chief of Coast Artillery who was most recently buried in Arlington National Cemetary?
In the movie that starts with a man shooting fire out of his genitals, how does his son end up dying?
On the November 26th 2012 episode of Distored View, what dishes did the host admit to eating on Thanksgiving?
Page 1347 of the International Wildlife Encyclopedia, is about a certain species. What was the old name for this species?
An Appleton-based rapper, and one-time collaborator with Menasha superstar "Netay" delivers: "If you wait up for a second, if you hold on for a minute, then you recognize the hours slip away." What is the song and artist?
What were some of the discarded names for the webseries Sex House? We need 11.
Sometime in the 70s five brothers set a record, being the most siblings to ever march in the same drum corps in all the same season. What is their younger sister's name?
What was the reading on a diver's electronic dosimeter after leaving the spent-fuel pool at Leibstadt nuclear reactor in Switzerland on August 31, 2010?
On Feburary 10th, 2008, who ran over Louise Maynard's dog, Charger, on Old Mill Road?
The author of a webcomic that has over 7000 pages and another webcomic author are close enough friends that they swapped credit cards with each other. The latter is the main character of a brief storyline on the former's website. What does his red shirt say?
AP Magazine said that 2012 was not a good year for music because a bunch of shit bands got back together and because of what other reason?
From what movie does Michael Swaim claim to have gotten the idea that Walt Disney had "that fetish where you love to chloroform women" in response to Katie Willert's tirade at a bakery in California?
Our grandmaster is a rare and special kind of person; a type of person that the rest of us trivia masters can only dream of being. For what he has is both natural and not mainstream; he fufils number 97 in a list of 150 created by a man who co-authored a site with his Filipino-Canadian friend. In the entry for number 97 what is the punchline we would all supposedly love?
What sort of look does the Bolex H32 give models?
On the day that google had the greatest number of logos internationally, which event did not follow the pattern of all the others?
How many points do you need to get on the online game Globetrotter XL to advance past the 6th level?
How many grams of garlic comprise the Green Machine?
Which animals are drawn on the circuit diagram that includes electrons single file, a three lined capacitor symbol, and the 555 Timer of the Beast?
In homophobia and the law, what poem does Ronner claim eggs on the irrational belief that homosexuals will, by coaxing children towards their sexual orientation, seal their doom?
What does Mike Kinsella say is his relationship with a  restaurant which continued to serve foie gras in their food, even after it was banned in the restaurant's location?
"Why in the world", some may ask, "would you want to spend hours building an off-road amphibious truck?"
Following the Journal of Biochemistry article titled: "Hydroporphyrins of the meso-tetra (hydroxphenyl)porphyrin series as tumour photosensitizers," I have hopefully synthesized 5,10,15,20-tetra(p-hydroxyphenyl)chlorin. What should the extinction coefficient be for teh 418nm peak?
A biscuit baker wonders about the morality of bestiality. His friend has built a robot porcine. What do the body and head look like?
On a popular satirical website, is an article about the dangers of dance music. According to this, what does the name of the more famous alter-ego of Harajuku Barbie mean?
In the Star Wars porn parody directed by Axel Braun, what is the name of the female extra in the death star control room?
If "godless chinamen" read Newton's Principia backwards, what Satanic words do they say 122 times?
In a video using music from ukfdubstep the author claims he's played 102 hours of a certain game when in fact the screenshot shows 105 hours played. At one point Peppy Hare pops up with is famous catchphrase. After his quote, what are the rest of the words in the video?
In the video called the "Powwow Trail", UW Madison student Dylan speaks about his personal experience with Native American dance and music making. What is the name of the musical group he peforms drumming and singing with? Please spell the name of that group.
During G4's Top 100 Video Games of All Time program, Brian Poseihn, famed "Comedian of Comedy", wears a shirt that depicts a famous film. Who is the star of the film depicted on his shirt?
What does a Kurt Russell Character refer to a character who is referred to as "Tiny" by his wife, whose character name is Karen Carr.
In a debate on The David Pakman Show, between Shirley Phelps-Roper of the Westboro Baptist Church and a representative from the 'hacktivist' group Anonymous, instead of revealing his face or donning some sort of mask, the representative of Anonymous was represented by an image. The painter of the image worked with 'Portland's most awesome weekly newspaper,' to auction a different image to benefit The Raphael House, a charity assisting surviviors of domestic violence and their families. What is the title of teh auctioned painting?
If Walt Disney's last written words really were Kurt Russell, then what is the name of the church whose Pastor from 2002-2005 had his name posthumously written down by the late Walt Disney
Kurt Russell is a real estate broker in a certain film. What is the pre-recorded message on his work phone number?
If you pay $2.07 more for the 2nd iteration of a product whose 1981 TV commercial is reference in a movie starring Kurt Russell, what extra stuff do you get?
What Springfield (home of the Simpson family) landmark does the celebrity couple that met on the set of The One and Only, Original Genuine Family Band resemble on valentines day?
What does the guy who has a crush on Tiffany the waitess, Holly the barista, and Victoria the barista say that he collects crushes on women like?
Who is the president of the micronation that fixed their currency to the cost of radishes in 2007?
One of Joyanna Adam's blog posts suggests the next olympic sport. The two words on either side of the colon in this post's title are the title of a 2002 book whose author has also written a book about spies. What is the full title of the fifth chapter of his spy book?
What issue of what magazine did Edmund McMillen have in his car when he went to his 10 year high school reunion?
How much wood (in feet) does Alan Thicke need to keep Robin Sparkles and Jessica Glitter's beavers well fed all weekend long?
What is the middle-most track off of John Greiner's album "Shades"
An odd outbreak occurred in what is now one of Tanzania's states. What was it and which town did it start in?
What seasonal beer won first place in a pumpkin flavor contest 6 months before the brewary making it even opened their doors? Include the name of the brewary.
What is the Navy Pier Billy Goat Tavern "not responsible for"?
An identity that graphs a unit circle in the compley plane is named after a person who also has a font names after them. Who designed the font?
What is the last song Tom DeLonge plays on his Taylr 814ce "cock" guitar?
A band opening for Lamb of God at a concert on May 8th, 2009 had their set cut short. What was this band, and why was the set stopped so early?
If you go to a Simple Plan concert or buy some of their merchandise, which two things are you combining?
At a 2005 His Infernal Majesty concert, why does Ville Valo say "Hey, let's quit it" to end their hit single early?
What is Ian Gruska's favorite cheese?
What did Blink-182 do with the guitar that Panic at the disco gave them after their 2009 summer tour?
What term did Good Charlotte use to describe their music in relation to getting a huge new wave of 14 year old fans who wanted to hear "kind of a band"?
What did Tobin Esperance say in an interview before some Great Brittan gigs that foreshadowed a defecation indicidence at a Papa Roach concert?
When Jack Bauer blocks out security camera in a convenience store with shaving cream, what does the bumper sticker next to the alcohol in that store say?
This search engine that can differentiate a variety of things, features a wide variety of items in its homepage background. If you click the rabbit, what does it say?
What is the default high score name in Ambrosia's Apeiron
In an episode of Breaking Bad in which Gus Fring is investigated by the DEA, what math does Jesse do to solve the problem he and Walt are having?
In the year 83414219 (after the third great re-implosion of all matter in the universe), an identical version of Don Hertzfeldt's most famous film received what criticism, and what use was subsequently made of the camera negative of said film?
What would the total price be to "go to the bathroom with zorch," "squeeze zac's face cheeks," and "watch zorch sleep?"
Who asks Randy Rose, "Well you know Randy, the Ultimate Box Set is pretty cool, uh, but is that all you got Randy?"
What is the favorite game of the inventor of feline gloves?
Led Zepplin took a lot of material from other sources, at least according to Kirby Ferguson. The opening lyrics for "The Lemon Song" were taken from a song that shares its name with a  game that was originally a mod of a different game. Another mod of that game features a Force that has the same names as the band whose material was used in the intro to "Stairway to Heaven". What is the name of the protagonist in this mod?
Which American state includes the greatest number of governmentally established plantations?
This item was turned into a musical instrument and the end result was exhibited at a June 2006 conference put on by the organisation that benefits from freerice.com. What was the item originially?
What book is available to read in their bedroom for the doll companions of the hoarder show shares an episode of Hoarders with the woman who was stuck under her own possessions for 11 hours?
A fictional prison acquaintaince of the lead actor of Ghost Rider asks for advice putting on Huggies from a store clerk. How does the clerk advise him to put them on?
In a book which features the gorgeous photos of both Darlyne Murawski and Mark Moffett is dedicated to the author's mother Inez Huddleston, what extinct plant is pictured on page 217
In a mundane driving game commonly used for charity events, what does not make sense about the vehicles dashboard?
What does the phrase "Derek's safety message" taste like to James Wannerton?
On 11/30/2011, the novato Police Department performed a welfare check in eastern Novato. What was the subject concerned about?
In a cutscene that occurs after his good friend's death but before he leaves work for the day, John Rochard says something that doesn't quite line up with the on-screen captioning. What word does he replace, and what is the complete sentence he says?
What was the first major tragedy to inspire a "too soon" discussion on the kink meme for a popular series depicting anthropomorphic nations?
In a Supernatural fanfiction named after the only million-selling Beatles-performed cover song, what is Cas's favorite song?
On August 31, 2012, how many ebooks on Amazon were tagged "Fifty Shades"?
In Fiona Canteberry's color coded version of the "My Immortal" drinking game, the green triggers in the first three chapters result in drinking how many shots?
During the first ever Great Midwest Trivia Contest in 1966, who was the Grand Master and what was the winning off-campus team?
In a work in the style of Wallace and Gromitt, based on a work by a man who was born and died under Halley's comet, what are the humans doing as Satan proclaims them a "worthless, greedy lot"?
This blog, whose abbreviation contains the two letters FY and is described as stream of conscious, in that order, realized a book on 11.6.12. what phrase is on the cover of the book beside the name?
In an attempt to addresss a popular saying about two different opinions on a type of glass, this webcomic that addresses hypothetical physics questions submitted to it, what would heppen to two people sitting at a table 10 seconds into the answer?
In a sequel to a Kongregate card game what does the description for the "Sacrifice Builder" card say?
 How do you build a tower of pimps (along with correct orientation) and what was the first person to stand upon one dressed as according to official websites?
You are standing in an open field, facing north at coordinates (300, -100). You walk forward 1000 meters, and turn left, walking another 100 blocks and travelling for 5 minutes in a boat. You walk another 100 blocks and turn right. You go straight into a building, craft some bread and then turn around and leave, travelling 100 more blocks. You press f3. What is the value next to the "f" heading in your debug screen?
In a minecraft mod based around a corporation which kidnapped Santa then proceeded to lose him in a teleportation accident the players are able to explore Santa's workshop where there is hung his nice and naughty lists. What are the two usernames of youtubers who have been so bad they've been put on the naughty list twice?
A nunchunk wielding bearded man who loves to cast flare was the main character in a webseries. The creator of this series also has made a minecraft mod featuring dragons. What was the name of the first dragon introduced?
When a single cell inquiries as to who Notch is his friend goes to the library to help figure out. Once his friend finds a helpful book he gestures to a  book that 'really sucks'. What is that book titled.
In the heartwarming Christmas song about a man and his created snowman buddy, the second half of the music video features a panning shot of all of his other friends. Who is the tallest human seen and who is that person switched with in the official desktop background of the same shot?
How does Jelly_Lord describe the mermaids in Zoo Tycoon in a cheat thread?
Aside from being dead, why couldn't Peter Falk and Andre the Giant be in the reunion photo of The Princess Bride in Entertainment Weekly?
Which two countries are most guilty of googleception?
With a company motto advertising having a large quantity of cash, ladies, and entertainment, who wouldn't want to buy their product? For the holidays this company put out a video set in their factory. What are the five flavors fo their product that can be seen labeled in the video?
MacDuff's pub in South Lake Tahoe sells a beer that takes its name from the original brewer's previous job at a prominent American company. On its most recent label, what three adjectives are used to describe this beer?
Why isn't Kieran McGrath on speaking terms with his next-door neighbor?
What does Indian Superman do that American Superman doesn't?
What percentage of Numi tea's net profits benefit social and environmental causes?
A certain chocolaterie sells a coconut-filled butterfly and a hedgehog filled with cream. Their signature tree symbol is another one of the their bonbons which shares the same filling as a special edition regional chocolate they made for a local musical group. What is the shape of that bonbon and what is the filling?
Where did Sprecher brewery get their bottling line?
In a music video directed by a man who has produced, written for, and acted in the American show The Office, what is the civilian casualty count of IRLIBSYR right before the ceasefire during a game of Eschaton at Enfield Tennis Academy?
A guy discovered germs by delievering babies with hands covered in tissue from festering wounds, but Hempel things he suffered what logical feux pas in the process?
What property generating mechanism does hilary Kornblith argue delinates between natural kinds?
This logician, who proved a metamathematical statement using mathematics that devastate the dominany mathematical of the times attempts to establish the foundations of mathematics, was once harrassed by Nazi youth. What relation does the person who fended the youth off have to the logician and what did they use to do so?
According to Philosopher extraordinare Bertrand Russell, we have to accept a axiomatic system of inductive knowledge or else adopt what of the what?
This graphic novel focuses on the man who spent 362 pages to prove 1+1=2. In a scene in which that man and the philosopher who heavily influenced the Vienna Circle but whose final proposition was dramatically misinterpreted by that circle walk through the snow, what does the picture theory philosopher do to try to explain something without language or thought and why does he stop?
Lawrence Philosophy Professor Tom Ryckman was an advisee to two people at U Mass. Please use first and last name and present them in an ordered pair such that given x y, x was Tom Ryckman's advisor before y
According to this philosopher, who proposed a famous critique to the computational theory of the mind involving a room and the Chinese Language, out of Ludwig, Frege, Russel, and Gilbert, what was Russel the all time champion at?
Possible worlds with beings physically identical to us but lacking consciousness that relies on contingent identities between natural kinds! How pre-Kripke. Using the realtively recent work in a metaphysical ontology championed by which dweller of the southern hemisphere can we fix that?
In the first of Pierce's works to appear in the twelfth volume of a popular scientific journal, he purports to identify a few psuedoproblems of philosophy. While discussing these pseudoproblems, what 2 opposing doctrines of philosophy are alluded to consecutively?
In a passage by Russell naming no less than 2 philosophers and the school of a third, the face of the odd-ball platonic solid owes said group the association of what with what?
In the world map of Japanese origin where Russia has his boot on Poland, which animals are Turkey, Persia, and Arabia?
If B is gluttony and G is pride, what is BG?
In a picture taken in the Czech Republic located in a report from a European publication directed by a man named Wolfgang on an illicit substance what number do you get by multiplying the number of over the counter medicine packages by the evidence number they're labeled as?
A group of New Yorkers claimed they forgot an article of clothing during subway rides between 3pm and 6pm as part of annual event. What article of clothing did they claim they forgot?
In the human opsin gene most tuned for high wavelengths of light, if the amino acid at position 277 swtiched to phenylalanine, what wavelength in nanometers, would the gene be theoretically tuned to?
If you take the name of three birds who share a common characteristic with about 40 other non-extinct bird species, and rearrange the letters, you get the phrase "Nursing mouthpiece" (that's an anagram). What are the three birds?
In the video of krazyrayray linked to in cracked 2012's 64 list, she talked about something she got at a little stand in ala moana. What happened when the woman scraped it?
In season 1 episode 2 of Big Bad Beetleborgs, what threee notes does Flubber play on his organ, and what three notes actually sound?
In a February draft of Anders Ekberg's "My Life-A Success Story" what two words are spelled wrong, what does he become?
What are the telephone and fax numbers of Heath Kudler, Senior Vice President of Business and Legal Affairs at Epic Records?
When they were about 14, why did Stevo say Heroin Bob had nothing to complain about?
What is the full name of Scott Beibin's dog? (Scott Beibin is the manager of Vermin Supreme)
If the meatgrinder comes from chilly cheeks and the waddlar descends from the chin muffler, where does the standard cop come from?
In the lonest running webcomic by Andrew Hussie, what does WV use as pawns for his game of chess in Can Town?
What is Winnie the Pooh's Review of Disney's "Goin' Quackers!" album?
What does Dr. Winkum Dice say is the best spot for a tattoo on a woman?
After Vector yells at Sonic for discovering Charmy Bee's dead body, rage builds up inside Sonic like what?
What is the second rule for handling your robotniks bean machine cartridge?
Heedless of the dangers involved, Sonic never hesistates to help when he sees what?
In "Don't Cry for Me Mobius" what are the onomatopeias in the first panel of page 2?
When Mr. Tanaka is fixing lunch on a camping trip, what smelly thing which is completely foreign to her, does Amy ask Mr. Stewart about?
What is odd about the Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich that Sonic feeds to Tail's blob of a pet?
What is Sonic the Hedgehog's Comic Book Cover Gallery an introduction to?
What are the titles of the characters that together make "the troll slaiyers?"
In Sylvain Chomet's critically acclaimed "The Triplets of Belleville", there is exactly one blimp depicted, which has written on it a famous phrase. What is the phrase, and who is the guest star of the Law and Order episode that bears the phrase as its title?
He has been called the father of the modern one, and they have been called his strange children. One of his tales of this genre shares a name with McKinely supporters. What is its epigraph?
In Cattus Petasatus, what are Thing 1 and Thing 2 named?
After the detective questions a man whose mother was supposedly buried in a periwinkle blue dress at her funeral the detective calls the missing girl's sister. What is her number?
What is the caption of Jim Brandenburg's sixth photo in the latest issue of the Minnesota Conservation Volunteer?
If Xerxes was devoured by mice, what happened to Xanxia?
What is the third line of the translation of a poem by "Wrestler Mahmud" found in a book whose cover design by Roz chast includes a sideways hammer and sickle
What animals are depicted in the exhibit subtitled "clash of the titans" in the New York Natural History Museum?
A relatively popular album by the Black Keys shares a name with a Star Trek episode. In the episode, a security code for the USS Enterprise is spoken aloud. How many characters does it have?
Who was featured in the photo of the trivia masters in the TRIVIA Documentary that wasn't a master that year?
What is World Famous Artist Sean Terrence Best's offer for his master piece painting "High Priestess of Machu Picchu" on his own website?
One of the song titles on the album by the band Mayhem featuring both a murderer and his victim can be turned into a url by adding a '.com' that leads to an internet art page. What is the last thing the author of that page ate?
What animal part do the eyes of an ascii bug with a hangover look like?
In a popular RPG starring a famous plumber, which partner of the plumber's brother does not have a known species?
What does Algernon Cadwallader thank the Rock to the Future Kids for?
There is exactly one tattoo seen in the video "Magic the Gathering: A Professional Tournament". It is a tattoo of the logo of what popular game?
In a video about making unicorns 2:29 min long, what is the new name given to the seventh animal to be transformed into a unicorn?
According to Ito, why did Nakagaki come to Amigara?
What are the first four words heard after the 00:41 mark on the second track on the EP entitled "These All Suck" by the band Shouldersuck?
A newspaper that once tweeted about being kind to seafood, robots, disease-resistant grapes, Obama's gun control plans and anti-cancer fruits in the same day had an article that said Coldplay had earned the tag of what?
According to Mr. Montgomery Burn's blackboard, 38.9% + 24% + 37.7%= what?
What are chipotle's official critical 7?
According to a user who is obviously a big fan of our contest and whose name is a musical term that means "dying away" according to Wikipedia, what does George W. Bush say he did: "just like Chuck Norris told me to" ?
A 2009 book that lists "summersby", "legliddy", and "ugwob" as appropriate "Names for Insects" lists "Names for Whales" on the following page. What is the complete list of suggestions?
Over the course of his importanta things, what does Demetri Martin get out of a capsule vending machine and what distinguishes it?
Who is immortalized on a blanket as Alfoona Area High School's top football player of 1965?
According to Michael Ian Black and David Wain, from what year to what year did Philip Garfield attend Camp Firewood?
What is the first song Mitch Kaplan plays while teaching about clarinet styles?
What does Amir Blumenfeld (under a different name) say when he is doing an impression of a racist clown in a video he made in response to a craigslist post?
Why does Hadley appropriately get his comeuppance during the final act of a 2012 horror film?
In a land ruled by a farmboy and a kiwi where blue cows are farmers and yellow cows are beekeepers what do green cows do?
A child star in Thunderpants once refused to write an autobiographical essay about a character he was playing in a later movie. What was his complete reasoning?
What dirigible is about 4 times longer than the Graf Zeppelin?
Mark Schneider submitted an ode on what topic to a contest of emulating poetry from a series whose sixth book was written by Eoin Colfer?
What is the 5th official utterance on top of Mount Stupid
In every episode of "Example Show", the protagonist quotes linse from a play. Which character spoke those lines?
What did Kris Wilson do when he didn't have his computer?
On the back cover of the book "Where's Evelyn" there is a word that is missing a letter. What is the word?
According to someone watching a guitar jam, "how do people who play fretless guitar knows when they're hitting the right note and when it is a wrong note?"
During their forbidden railway trip through the "Hermit Kingdom", how many hours did Helmut and Oliver spend in North Korea without the government having formal knowledge of them?
In this version of a popular board game what card will force the fellowship to stay in Moria until next turn?
Sporting a Franz Josef with soul patch and dental augmentation for disguise, what did the colleague of the man whose initials are B.G. list as the people who remember the character B.G. is disguised as?
At exactly 23:00 Eastern Time in November 6 2012, what did politico.com show as the number of votes for Mitt and Obama, and third parties for the state of Illinois?
This card game is planning, in the coming year, to have tournaments in Montreal, San Diego, and Dublin. What is the name of the card from a joke seet that forces its controller to play the first improv game in Whose Line is it Anyway, Season 8, Episdoe 19?
In a meme that originate from DragonBallZ where Colin Machrie doesn't grant three wishes, what other two celebrities make a cameo appearance?
In this episode of Whose Line, Colin's impersonation of a type of bird saying a name causes Ryan to break character. In that episode, what does Ryan, in the character of a doctor, say after "turn your head and cough"?
This New York improv group, who would perform all of their civic duties, focus their efforts around monologists. In one of their improv shows, what was George Washington selling?
How many episodes of "Who's Line Is It Anyway?" has the game Party Quirks been played?
In one of ShadowForceX75's videos, what is the Engineer equipped with when he says he is "overprotected"?
According to the band Dads, what did Scott do when he went to college for awhile?
Who won the earliest ever beer pong game, and had a 16 game winning streak, according to internet sources?
Based on exit polls, if only white men had voted in the 2012 election, which states would Barack Obama have won?
The talented practitioners at Bodywork Incorporated sometimes don't agree on matters of musical taste. Other employees have blogged that Guy fills his mp3 player with what obscure musical genre?
In october, Dewey from Detroit had a timer on the left hand side of his blog. What was its title?
According to Bennet (who's girlfriend's name is Mercedes), what will his mail order bride from Russia get as a tattoo and where will she get it? Please quote exactly and spell.
A year after first broadcasting Packers' games a radio station started broadcasting an adorable holiday show featuring a sprite and an uncle. For the next 25 years the program ran but was never moved over to television as it may have ruined the illusion for children. There was on character on this radio program who never spoke a word. What is the name of that character and their profession?
Who provided craft services for the film "Requiem for a Tuesday"?
On the cleansing punishment betting board, what was midway between reptilius and angry molesting tree and who bet on it? 
Where does Constantino Tobio Jr. keep his money? 
The hex triplet of the color whose binary conversion is 00101001, 00110011, 0111001 is the same number as a user on a dating site for "silver foxes" and "naked daddies". On this user's profile, he describes his genitals in what culinary terms? 
In Peter Jackson's 2005 film King Kong,an enormous Great Ape rampages through the streets of 1933 New York. The actor who plays the part of Jack Driscoll also plays the part of a prominent Jewish-Polish musician in another movie (which was coincidentally directed by an individual of Polish heritage). What is the name of the city in which can be found the alma mater of the director of that movie focused around the Jewish-Polish musician? Please pronounce correctly. 
What is the title of the only movie that the writer of Spaceballs and his wife starred in? Translate the title and say it in the native language of where the movie was set. 
In what town was the creator of Esperanto born in? Use correct pronunciation. 
The city containing the second tallest wooden structure in the world has a museum. Who won the contest for this museum's new logo? 
This summer the Trivia Masters want to visit the place where the salt statue of the Polish pope is. Micah, Weronika, and Ian want to save money and go on individual tours. The rest of the TMs would rather take the more religious tour. What is the total cost? 
What is the name of the Polish type of vodka that is known for the inclusion of Hierochloe odorata? Please pronounce correctly. 
In the Chicagoland Polish school named after the man who wrote Quo Vadis, which 11th grader won 2nd place in the 46th Adam Mickiewicz writing competition? 
What is the address in Poland where an extraterrestrial would most likely be invited to land? 
What are the 3 features of the zombie stuffed animal owned by the creator of Johnny the Homicidal Maniac? 
In the original zombie-themed typing game, during the boss encounter of level 4, "Despair," the player is instructed to "type the long sentences before it attacks you." The first sentence advises you to "use caution while pumping gasoline." What does the second sentence say? 
Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw recently described the random character generator feature of a video game described as "less scrotum-swinging action shooter than nipple-massaging survival horror." What was Croshaw's humorous example name and job? 
When Shaun of the Dead fan-made film-summaries meet Scott Pilgrim vs. The World style character introductions, how does Peter Serafinowicz' character get described? 
In Dead Snow, there is a character that wears a shirt that depicts a movie poster. In the movie referenced by the shirt, what is the first human body part eaten, and what is it eaten out of? 
According to the story whose cover features a man holding a sword standing on two women's breasts, what does seond base feel like? 
How long do it make to cocaine crack? 
On a non-sequential 20-sided die, find the sum of the faces that share an edge with 5. Add this number to the sum of all the faces that share an edge with 5 on a 12 sided die. Finally, subtract this number by Vizzerdrix's attack power, assuming he has been enchanted by Echoing Courage. 
Using Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 rules, calculate my maximum "Heavy Load" carrying capacity, assuming I have a strength ability score of 12, am under the influence of a "Bull's Strength" spell and am exhausted. 
On a Sunday in July 2004, one Granby, Colorado resident visited the town hall with a dispute about zoning. What is this person's birthday in the Discordian calender? Give the day of the week, date, month and year. 
Stoutly built R.T. took a grain of opium every hour, and regular brandy-- But what was he doing during the night? 
Zebulon Pike once floated all the way from Toronoto to Sackets Harbor, New York. What was he floating in? 
On what date was the bassist known as "The Pig" charged with parking in a handicapped spot? 
In a satricial article explaining the life of a movie originally planned to tell the saga of life after the Passion, what was Ralph Reed upset about regarding the concept of a movie in which Jesus cuts down his enemies with power tools? 
In a small article in a British newspaper on Guy Fawkes Day in 1788, the author writes that a group of revolutionaries are going to get drunk and light London on fire, and at that, they're going to get the firefighters drunk too! What does the author sign his name as? 
In the event of a near future landing, according to io9, what will the difference in alien and human technology likely be comparable to? 
Posted a year ago, on a tumblr feed entitled "Party foul", a grey scale gif shows a white kitten pawing at a man holding something. What is the series name of what he is holding? 
In "An Inconvenient Anime," on Meyer Lansky's slide, what does it say he once had a man killed over? 
When an actor who is credited with over 1270 films on imdb starred in a rap song that hit 22 or 27 (depending on who you ask) on the billboard rap charts, what does he say happens when he "yanks it out his trousers?" 
Ms. McCarthy reports about a court case concerning an incident which occurred on Talbot Street. The alleged incident involved a cowboy hat, ass kicking, and a considerable amount of urine. What did the plaintiff say of the experience? Please use the exact language of the quote. 
In the Latin translation of the Metamorphosis Book Ten of the Void, the word "vagina" appears twice. Please read one of those lines in Latin. (i.e.: please read one of the lines containing the word "vagina"). 
This event for world peace, sponsored by a religion who believes humans were scientifically created by aliens, for 18 and older individuals was cancelled due to intense public pressure. What did the group's spokesman say the purpose of the event was? 
The Guardian had a poll for the public to vote on the worst sexual passages of 2012 fiction novels. Which passage won the second-most votes? 
How many blind people lived in the state of New York in the year 1930? 
In a film starring Jazz Girls and directed by a wise guy, what kind of dog is the man offering a free ride? 
According to Bobcat's Press's "The Joint Rolling Handbook", where is the Magic Carpet joint most popular? 
A man wearing a hat and a t-shirt depicting a smiley face with a strip of duct tape over its mouth is speaking on behalf of sobrietytelevision (one word) concerning the long term effects of marijuana. What is this man's advise to someone who is trying to quit smoking marijuana? 
On the first day of fashion week, Hamilton tries to find a pretty model to take mushrooms with him. Why is he unsuccessful in finding someone suitable for this job? 
Which drugs are discussed on p. 81 of the August 2011 issue of dive training in the article "rebreather concerns, diving and drug use"?
What does a concered mom on Twitter say about a certain member of the squash family?
What is the address of Piffany's? 
The album "Baseball" catalogued the events that led to Max Bemis's transformation from a Dawson-Leery-esque, starry-eyed 16 year old into what? 
What does Bald Dwarf's antlered friend have in place of a passport? 
Hermann Abert claims that Mozart's Clarinet Trio in Eb is based on what orignial idea? 
According to Allen Winold, what is the frequent issue with slurs in the Anna Magdalena manuscript of the Bach cell suites? 
Who suggested to Lionel Tetris that he take up the viola? 
What item does Viola need to obtain to enter the Witch's house? 
What is Ivo-Jan Van der Werff's final point in the conclusion of his viola technique book? 
A violino piccolo has a part in the first concerto of a set. The CSO recently performed the last concerto of this set; what date did the CSO first perform the piece immediately following the intermission on this program? 
What is Displeased comrade's complaint about the first fanfiction written by the author of Snape/Teletubbie's porn? 
YouTube user stanburdman's method of calculating a game's ratings includes dividing a sum of scores by what? 
What is depicted in both a sculpture at a controversial NYC museum and a photo of a young man's holiday garment that his pal's parent got him? 
What does Drupka Kunley have this to say about a large penis in a discourse about sex? 
With what animals was Thomas Granger sexually involved with, leading to his execution on Sept. 8th, 1642 in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, and which of his paramours was it hard for accusers to identify? 
How would H.L. Chase tell his daughter "Sweet heart, take grandmother this enormous sugar cookie in a flash, okay? 
From whence to wither does Callie, the succubus's period go and what is the closest year in which the dates line up as it does? 
Bodybuilder Johnnybomb claims that who eats what and why? 
What does the random Irish interviewee say when informed by Mr. Calabry from the financial news that Michael Flatley is really from Chicago? 
In Thankskilling, a similie is used twice and then misquoted a third time. What is the misquote? 
In this short film, Kylie Moore is a maid for a business man who's wife is currently out of town. What does her boss say to her when Kylie asks him if he would like his coffee and newspaper? 
What three words are written in metal letters on the back wall of Cranky Pat's in Neenah? 
An album that was once reviewed by someone whose favorite bands are "Godspeed You! Black Emperor" and "The Mountain Goats" as "mana from heaven" had a producer who was described by the front man of a band by saying he would "bench you" if something wasn't working in the recording process. The guitarist for this band said that you should use a certain guitar speaker if you want your small combos to have three attributes. What is the final attribute he says? 
A 20th century Nobel Prize winner wrote an overtly blasphemous piece in 1863 to critiscise the Pope. What technology does he reference in the 44th-48th stanzas of the work? 
What adjective does Joshua Siebert use in an online dedication to his aunt to describe the park near upper Montclair, N.J., where he spent time with her? 
What is the tagline to the t-shirt made by the Fort Dearborn frontiersmen for the 2012 muzzleloading zombie shoot? 
A famous person, who only visited the United States once, delivered a series of lectures at Clark University. The lectures include an anecdote about a starved horse. What town was the horse from? 
In Volume 121, number 21 of Lawrence's Lawrentian, what is the upper-leftmost article tagline found on the front page? 
What did Ryan O'Neal's character in "Tough Guys Don't Dance" say when informed via letter that his wife was having an affair?" (Please use precise wording). 
What is the first of the healthy benefits of "The Road's End Organics" dairy-free shells and chese? 
On February 7th, 1987, Erika Hess won 1st place skiing in the Slalom at the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships. What was the name of the small mountain village that this event was held at? 
According to a 1999 pokedex entry made by Pokemon Factory (or Pokefactory), a certain PokeGod's pokedex description is: "It is capable of picking up its victim while scorching them with its red-hot claws." Its sprite is a color-edit of a creature that is native to what planet? 
In an 80's made-for-TV movie about gamers, what does the man in the trench coat say that prompts the response, "That's pretty far out"? 
If you strip the fallacy of affirming the consequent from hypothetico deductivism, what schematic for science are you left with? 
In Oshkosh, one can pay 6 dollars for the half dozen, 11 dollars for the dozen egg rolls, to be delivered to one's house. How much does the delivery cost? 
In a shortened list of rules, Mr. Welch is no longer allowed to reenact scenes from what long-running TV show? 
Which American folk singers composed a song about the disaster that is referenced in the Super Geruda for the 1967 Contest, Trivia XI?
Dr. Steve Brule guest stars on a show whose namesakes play keytars in a song that only has one lyric. What are the names of the sports meme in the video? 
When Buckaroo Banzai plays in New Jersey at a place owned by Artie Duncan, he sings a song for someone. Who does Buckaroo say he is singing it for? 
A creature named for the fruit of the Eucalyptus obliqua likes what kind of movies? 
Why would so called, "Dr." Charlene Werner throw a bomb at her neighbor's house? 
Take the number of pitch classes used in Arnold Shoenberg's "Suite for Piano" Opus 25 and add 1. What is the number on Jason Pargin's list of reasons that Lord of the Ring's is crappy? 
What DVD did Travis, who will explicitly never perform a legendary murdersteal, receive for his 21st birthday? 
What does Sharkleberry Fin say a school of fish is led by? 
A man who shares his first name with an American blacksmith who founded an agriculture and construction company, was killed by a custom made flying machine on December 9th, 1979. What was the flying machine shaped like? 
What url is on the cover of the 2009 yearbook for the highschool that Steven Carr was then principal at? 
Where is b Rex roadtripping and why? 
While interacting with a bear, a comic strip character drawn by a comic who would prefer to worry less about losing his hands to others, says "Yeah, hey, help yourself to whatever." Who takes something from the character and what is taken in the last frame of the comic?
Tim Martin is one of those blokes who would not pay the extravagant price for a certain world record-holding drink, possibly because of the price, or possibly because the ingredients make it sound "pretty revolting." What does he suggest people would be better off drinking? 
In Tripp Hall on the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus there was once a milk dispenser. What quantity of milk did it dispense per purchase? 
From the person that said, "Women that are of voluptuous size-- put some clothes on. All that vajiggle-jaggle is not beautimous."Ä What are the ingredients of their family's favorite recipe? And how do you know the main ingredient is done cooking? 
In the recipe found in a Japanese cookbook with a foreword by Sir KCMG and named after the man who supposedly has more than 16 million descendents, what are the two reasons you stir? 
On the 27th of August, 1896, Zanzibar's reigning Sultan oversaw the demolition of the royal palace. Later, his government recompensed the demolition experts a large sum of money in Indian (not Zanzibari) rupees. What would this sum amount to in today's US dollars? 
Ibn Battuta was the most travelled person in human history before the invention of steam locomotion. At some point in his travels in North Africa he encountered a scholar with a remarkably large hat. In what city did Battuta find this man? 
The actor credited as "Second Inmate" in "Kickboxer 5" shares a name with a musical artist. What is this artist's child's name? 
A Russian movie based on a Rudyard Kipling story features an African animal that is known to have gone extinct. What year did the last individual die, in binary? 
Which faculty member resigned in 1893 after a committee of the Board of Trustees accused him of heretical religious and political views? 
What was #1 on the list of rules issued by the class of 1914 to the freshmen in 1911?
Who was clubbed by Appleton police at a Lawrence protest in 1936? 
Lynn Hagee, class of 1957, was campused for one week during her freshman year in Ormsby. What did she do to deserve this punishment? 
What did President Rik Warch say in 2002 to set the record straight regarding the rumor that Professor Minoo Adenwalla had once cut a student's paper into the shape of an F?
What did Amos Lawrence say to his wife about Appleton citizens during his first and only visit to Lawrence in 1857? 
The LU Archives has collected all questions from Trivia contests from 1991 through 2011, with the exception of one year. What is the missing year, and what was the super garruda from that year? 
In what year was Russell Zelotes Mason officially named president of Lawrence University? 
In 1859, Mary Phinney, age 16 and class of 1859, received a letter from a fellow student asking her out on a date. How did the student sign the letter? 
In a comic by Ryan Pequin, what is the moon definitely bigger than? 
This animal was given its current name by Lazzaro Spallanzani four years after it was first discovered. What song was played as the wake up call on Day 15 of the flight that is the last successful mission that sent these little guys into space?
The day the Slayer Album "God Hates Us All" was released lies on the birthday of an American writer whose name anagrams to "Minty Lipreader Yowls." What was this author's pen name?
Daphne Oram had a piece of hers choreographed into a ballet. Who choreographed the ballet? 
Rounded to the nearest mile, how far is the hometown of the sun's owner from the internationally-known mall 60 miles east  of Mt. Rushmore? 
What do you need to make American Elf's nicotine-inspired invention? 
In the children's book Goodnight Moon, a picture on the wall of the room references another of the author's children's books. Which book does it reference? 
In the documentary "The Story of English," what would Carl Rosendahl say if he felt bad in the morning, and how would he describe his mood if he felt good? 
One of my cats is a grey male that is 5 years. He loves chicken, sleeps a litle less than half the day, and often gets into fights. He is cuddly, chatty, outdoor, needy, playful, friendly and sweet. Who would he vote for in 2012? 
An event was hosted at Walker Open Field on August 30, 2012. In the 36th video on the honorable mentions playlist, what deal is advertised on the paper bag? 
In a cartoon about vases distributed by Jaxques Kopfstein, what is the 6th animal tht the magician makes appear? 
A Makerbot fan printed out a green octocat, but what do they actually prefer calling it? 
Between Thomas DeCoud and a character played by Paul Soter, how many times is the word "now" replaced? 
In what year was the artist whose cat drawings and paintings provide an example of schizophrenic mental decay orphaned? 
A prominently gay talk show host tweeted that she wishes two things: cat week would be every week and that (blank)
How many printing house masters were there at the time of the largest cat-related disaster known to Rue Saint-S_verin?
An alumnus of Lawrence has taught here for about 25 non-consecutive years. According to a 2010 issue of Lawrence Today, what did one of student say about what he dresses and looks like, and what do his grandkids call him? 
This fashion website has a url whose last letters are related to the island state of Niue. The second most popular image on the website has a skirt with a pattern taking its inspiration from what? 
What did Deborah Wong raed to discover cultural studies all at once? 
In the Dark Knight rises, what does not make sense in the room above the nuclear reactor when Lucius shows it to Bruce and Miranda for the first time? 
What are the three ideas Austrailians have ingraned into their heads according to Jeremy Clarkson? 
The article titled "Complaint discourse, aging, and caregiving among the juhuansi of Botswana" had a working, "backstage" title. What was it? 
In a video starring a previous "Top Child Model of the Year" according to Child Model Magazine, what does John Mitchell III's article in the Saturday paper say Patrice Wilson is armed with, and what word is misspelled in that article? 
When Cenk Uygur says "we really freak Hannity out, see I'm trying to convince your kids not to believe this" what does youtube write instead for subtitles? 
Where did Tomas Kalnoky break his fathers 35mm camera? 
A city which lies on the coast and is north of a city named Queenstown located in the same country wants the .com named after itself. Unfortunately, this url is already owned by someone. If the city were to give into the demands of that someone and build the statue requested, what would the plaque under it say? 
What is the name of the fish who flips out if hears "just keep swimming"? 
When parodied by Joe Murray in his influential cartoon TV show, the Patty Duke Show's theme song lyric, "Where Cathy adores a minuet, The Ballet Russes, and crepe suzette," becomes what parasitically-themed lyric? 
In an image made by the man responsible for wetriffs.com's existence, a guy in on an online chate website that now charges all new usesrs one refundable penny for use, as a firl looks on. What is his response to the girl's comment? 
After scaling the building and climbing through the window of this boss Don's office, Manny has the optin to change the outgoing preprogrammed message on his computer. What is the fourth from the top? 
Samuel L. Jackson makes a cameo apperance in the music video of a song with the same name as a movie he stars in. What literature is he reading during the cameo? 
What was the name of the third-place Off Campus trivia team in 2001, and how many points did they end the contest with? 
According to the Lord of the Rings Trilogy, on what day, month, and year, in the Shire Reckoning, was Frodo stabbed on Weathertop? 
What do the Stone Cellar Brewpub's t-shirts say on the back? 
While playing Settlers of Catan Portable Edition, what does Nick ask aloud? 
A man who could, according to a Kennedy, be starting a fad of a lazier type of homosexual once said he couldn't vote for the president for re-election because they couldn't respect his March Madness bracket. Who did he write instead? 
According to the liner note for the album "What It Takes to Move Forward," when was the album recorded? 
The programmer of the tool used to make the viral "Justin Beiber 800% slower video" has a number of hobbies. What kind of illusions does he make? 
This Georgian photographer, who shares a name with a parrot that was the subject of a 33 year experiment animal psychologist, has flickr stream 365 project begins with a photo of his face covered in ducttape and his camera taped to his hand. What is taped in the final image of his 365 project? 
In a game where the player is coached by different masters such as a skateboarding rodent and a cat who is possibly royalty, what are the names of the levels that include the fuzzy creatures another game is centered around by the same maker? 
According to the nutrition facts on the back of te Imperial grade matcha Ceremonial Green Tea sold by Teavana, where is this particular tea harvested? 
What is the appropriate spelling of arthritis according to the first track of Gil McRipley's Meme album?
What is World of Warcraft? That's a question that a famous TV show has tried to answer multiple times. One attempt ende in calling Leroy Jenkins a hero. Assuming English sentence structure, how would you say "Farewell my love, farewell sunlight" in one of the primary (though not Common) languages of a race mentioned in a different proposed answer? 
What three types of headaches does Napoleon Dynamite have due to his rap battle with Napoleon Bonaparte? 
The celebrity whose name Tourette's Guy often exclaims hosted a TV show throughout the '90's. This TV show's theme is featured in a massive I-V-vi-IV (1-5-6-4) chord mashup with over 11 million views. In the same video, what are the singers doing during Trivia's favorite song? 
In the official sequel to Rebecca Black's breakout hi, what are seven (english) news crawl headlines on the June 13th, 2012 LATV broadcast? (it would be sad if you jammed on this one)
Math Question! If you take the number of guitars used in an OK Go music video featuring a Chevy Sonic divided by the number of treadmills in a different OK Go music video, add that to the number of pianos in the Chevy Sonic video divided by by the number of languages written out in a different OK GO music video featuring Pilobolus, and multiply that whole mess by the number of big plastic cups used in a different OK GO video featuring lots of dogs, what do you get? 
In The Room Tribute, what does Johnny say to Mark's Hot Tub and TV? 
According to How It Should Have Ended, what are the three status updates Superman posted on his Facebook after posting: "Just Saved The Day Twice!"?
The proprietor of the "Ferd F-Teen Thousand" sells an (apparently) successful line of energy drink. What are all of the flavors advertised in his commericals?
On page 5 of the January 20th, 1966 edition of the Tuscaloosa News, John Chamberlain refers to a particular League. A Scientific American article quotes a past president of this league. Who was the president, and what does he urge league memebers to do? 
Why does Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance "crackle" according to Crackle, but not according to the actors of the fim?
What object does the manservant of Tehol Beddict attempt to cook in a soup, mistaking it for an eel?
What was Master Zibzob's pet's name? 
In the Pokemon parody flash game released October 8, 2012, what does Tepig hope is not in the second encountered treasure chest? 
Who directed Barney Stinson's baby fashion presentation? 
How many grams is H. Jon Benjamin's character in Wet Hot American Summer? 
A recent film whose cast of characters includes two anthopomorphic doughnut police officers list the namesof fourteen of fifteen other characters from the movie on a dugary scoreboard. Four of these characters are never seen in the movie; what are their names?
When Sherlock Holmes is discovering that Connie Prince died, what was her age of death, and what did Inspector Lestrade later say her age of death was? 
What was Randy Pitchford's final score after his most public play through of Super Mario Bros. Word 1-1?
When did the Asian fusion restaurant whose website shows a picture of the corner of Wabash and Adams have its liscense suspended? 
How many grams of sugar is in a blue raspberry Ring Pop from 2012? 
1990's surrogate father died hering the results of a particular horse race. Who were the first and second place finsishers in the race during which he died? 
In the TV show Supernatural, a song is playing in the background while Bloody Mary stalks her seconded vicitim. The band performing the song released their fifth studio album on the same day that the federal resereve key interest rate was lowered formt what percent?
What was the main course served at Needham Public Schools' Elemenrtaru leve on Dec. 7th 2011?
Who signed Elrey Jeppesen's first pilot's license, and how his Elrey's name spelled? 
According to a single-word-named webcomic put on hiatus in 2006, the beginning of the 14th baktun might have destroyed the multiverse because two of the comic's main characters killed God. How did they kill God? 
What is on Pumpkin's to-do list before he finds out that Batman lost his job? 
What brand of boxers is Valerio wearing when he had labor pains electrically induced for just over an hour? 
According to Phil Edwards' website, what should you do when babies overheat, to ensure they don't suffer from heat stroke? 
In a cartoon inspired by night walks in a zine inspired by the Dalai Lama of cartoonists, what is happening above tinker-bbibbles? 
A season 2 episode of Mongrels includes a short trailer whose credits are followed by a disclaimer that the movie will never be made by the BBc. In the credits to this film's sequel's trailer, what does the creator of the credits suggest the viewer do instead of pausing the show? 
What does the tombstone that Dib sits on say? 
In December 2011, a (rare) gull was spotted in northwest Washington. What was it eating? 
When Joram the Hedgehog invites fourteen of his friends and family over for a feast, sixteen guests arrive instead. How do the others explain the two extra guests?
Within a sculpture by Mike Sullivan, the creator of "The Sex Life of Robots," there is a building icalled "Kino Ironhole." What is carved into the pavement to the left of the word "lulu"?
On July 24th, 1969 the Apollo II command module ws recovered by a US Navy aircraft carrier. What was featured on this ship's dinner mess menu between "buttered asparagus" and "hot spiced applesauce" on the 242nd day after the splashdown? 
