Trivia 2014
1.Within a sculpture by Mike Sullivan creator of the "Sex Life of Robots" there is a building called "Kino Ironhole." What is carved into the pavement to the left of the word "lulu"?
	Big unit jizzbot
2. What is the name of the janitor in the concert hall depicted in Tera Melos' untitled album?
	Gene (missed)
3. What are the 2 examples in Sky Mall for the talking dog collar?
	Hey there good lookin', Fluffy! Come home now!
4. Why did the people playing the drinking game with what is considered the worst fanfic ever written with
milk, skittles, and propel have to quit after first 7 chapters?
	fear of implosion and explosion at the same time
5. 2 each of what items were dredged from Helcomb County municipal lake?
	 chicken wire, shopping cart, rebar, Cranberries CD with the couch (total shutout)
6. What does John Maeng say is the 2nd best part of his job at City Year?
	kickball
7. The deputy editor of the Week.com dismisses the epiphanies in a recent Spike Jonze film as what?
	Velveeta grade cheese
8. In Freddy Fish 3 Case of the Stolen Conch Shell what word does Luther use for a purple sea urchin?
	snuboopypop (missed)
9. According to Door County folklore what is the reward given to the fiddlers at the passing of the festival of midsommarvaka?
	traditional egg (total shutout)
10. During a tour a comedian needed to get stiches in his leg. In a review of that comedian's movie Richard Corliss gets the name of a major writer/director wrong. What does it say it is and what should it be?
	Josh Whedon, Joss
11. In Kimberly High School's production of Chorus Line in the summer of 2013 which performer injured himself and what injury did he sustain?
	Kyle Brauer, pulled his hamstring
12. According to an app created by Dan Florio, in the
film which won the most recent Golden Globe for Best Actor the best time to leave is after what line?
	As soon as Jordan's wife asks "Do you love her?" (thrown out)
13. What did Jack Cavalcanti kill?
	chickens
14. According to the profile page for forum user sadslapper, what is most active topic on Degus international forum?
	Degus suddenly at war
15. In a Magic the Gathering card printed in 2001, for the human druid who gains power the more cards in your graveyard, what is his flavor text?
	He exercises his right to bear arms (missed)
16. Andy Greenwald says that although he may be loathe to admit it, Bret Matthews is a what?
	A sterling example of a Blakeophile
17. Who performed an unannounced set at the Knitting factory bar on Dec. 22, 2013?
	Dave Chappelle
18. In 24 chapter book in Norwegian an old magic calendar that sells for 25 ore but is given away for free, in the 
story that is inside the calendar what are two characters who are not kings?
	(missed)
19. After feeding your emototronic friend, what should you never forget if you want it to have happy dreams?
	tell it you love it
20. When one member of league of legends musical group gets into legal trouble, what champion tries twice to fill the role of companion to that member?
	Swain (missed)
21. On the day of Tina's capiora exam what is Bob's burger of the day?
	These Collards Don't Run Burger
22. This popular video blogger who claims to have 
never realized Hitler was a real person until she saw Inglorious Basterds, what are her disposal instructions for her fruit eating tutorial?
	you can either turn it upside down and throw it in the garbage or you can turn it upside down, put it on the table, and dispose of it later
23. Last year a mom blogged about lotus birth, which involves not cutting the umbilical cord but carrying around in a pouch with the baby. According to a wellness author in one of this mom's blog posts, what are the 4 causes of heartburn?
	fear, fear, fear, clutching fear (missed)
24. In a segment of a children's show, a girl replaces some letters of the alphabet with a characters name. Later in the same episode what compliment does she give to character with whom she is counting?
	you got pretty eyes (missed)
25. In the 11th issue of a popular 50s magazine, what do the "usual gang of idiots" say to verify the authenticity of your copy?
	smoke it
26. In South Bend Central High School's 1968 yearbook,
why is Nancy Winger working in Mrs. Gill's business class?
	to widen her secretarial skills (total shutout)
27. In the 3rd season of Game of Thrones what is inaccurate compared to the books about whom
Taiwin tells Circe to marry?
	Books Willis Tyrell, show Loris Tyrell
28. What is the  name of great natural landmark between the cities of Samyriana and Traitor Town making travel between the two settlements extremely difficult?
	the great sand sea
29. While vacationing in the city of Essos, if I were to walk from my lodgings in the Inn of the Green Eel, walk NNE until I cross the Bloody Bridge, walk NW across the Navvos Bridge, and walk W until arriving at a dock, what is name of haven said docks juts into?
	Ragman's Harbor
30. Among George RR Martin's characters, what is the true full name of the wife of the character responsible for burning and sacking of both the winter town and the keep protecting it? Please spell the name.
	Jeyne Poole
31. What is the 1st name of the toxophilite associated
knights of the hollow hill, what is his alias as referred to by his fellows, and what is the full name of first named character to make contact with the toxophilite and report back to his lord? Give all three answers in the order read.
	Anguy, Archer, Alyn (missed)
32. Who is the brother the last green seer hated and who is the woman he desired? Give full names with associated nicknames. 
	Aegor Bittersteel Rivers, Shiera Seastar
33. How exactly would one counter the curse of Greyface?
	Take a foot stance as if you were John L. Sullivan preparing for fisticuffs. Face the particular greyface you wish to short circuit, or towards the direction of the negative aneristic vibration that you wish to neutralize. Begin waving your arms in any elaborate manner and make motions with your hands as if you were Mandrake feeling up a sexy giantess. Chant loudly and clearly, gobble gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble!
34. In a 2013 exhibit at the British museum of a 
mosaic of a guard dog from Pompeii, what is Brian Harvey's translation of the grafitti outside the house containing this mosaic?
	I have buggered men
35. What is the accidental slogan of a seller of honeydew bubble tea?
	The joys of sucking on balls
36. What is the "mini stimulator" making the best of?
	small tools (missed)
37. On what day of a yearlong challenge did Alex Stoddard talk about when he was younger his mother would do something that would make him say WTF?
	274
38. What ingredient must be added to prostate milk before whipping it up to drizzle over the manliest mojito?
	powdered sugar
39. According to the Ariel on a day in spring 1899 Professor Seith appeared and permitted the sun to rise at 5:30 AM. According to this book what happened at 4:30 PM?
	bicycles in evidences (total shutout)
40. Which reviewer of the Annihilator XXXL dildo insists
her vag is so stretched her boyfriend could stick his head in it?
	Dickhole Jenkins
41. What did you think Mr. Littlejeans?
	Best play ever, man
42. In a Crash 2 Hedgehog production from 2006, what is shadow's final score and rank after beating cerberus?
	31050, S (total shutdown)
43. Sleet tells Knuckles that he can be off the island faster than Knuckles can say what?
	Sonic the Hedgehog
44. In an alternate universe Valve game, what Sonic the Hedgehog character is a spy and what color is that character's shoes?
	Espeo the Chameleon, purple (missed)
45. After Tails tells Sonic on the phone that can give Espeo an article of clothing that can make him invisible, Sonic smiles so wide like what?
	The King of Fire finding out he burned down New York City with only his fire powers
46. In action game featuring Sonic, when all the platforms, rings, levels, and characters flash, what will play?
	(total shutout)
47. What does Sonic say to Sonic after Sonic asks Sonic,
"So, what's it like having Dr. Eggman as a roomie?"
	It gets old fast (total shutout)
48. What does Cinnabomber's childhood chao sculpture say?
	Please kill me
49. When Jontron imagines what the Sonic team was doing when they created Sonic R, what does Jontron's coworker say when Jontron
interrupts his coworkers cocaine binge?
	What the fuck is a sonic?
50. In a reality junkies video in which a couple tricks a housesitter into thinking they've left, a trap gets set in the bedroom. What exactly is that trap?
	A pile of sex toys
51. This boy has the identical first name as the makeup artist for The Godfather and with the same superpower as the Cheshire Cat and Danny Phantom, how does he compliment his aunt?
	My word, Aunt Fannie, you are some whoozer with that jazz jumper (missed)
52. In a 1940s newspaper with an article asking what kind of airplane a chop suey scissors would be, there's a headline about a church that had a Lenten service with a guest preacher. Across street N of where that church stands today there are 2 bus stops. On Google Maps street view vendor can be seen selling food next to those bus stops from a certain angle in the N lane of the street. The founder of business selling that food item had a grandfather who founded a company with another man. Who is that man?
	Emil Richman (?) (missed)
53. In a trip where Nat sees a jellyfish named Vagina, he might prefer to visit his favorite marine exhibit. What is that exhibit?
	Pinklins (missed)
54. In an instruction program by the founder of the New School of Erotic Massage, what is the primary result you can expect from his recommended daily exercise of choice?
	less tension in the asshole (missed)
55. According to Ryan Peq in a  presentation on scientific research, congratulations should go to Richard C Richards for being the first to do what?
	hypothesize the possibility of your dick (missed)
56. In Franks Adventure 2, you can buy turbo shoes from Sonic. What is the name and tagline on the billboard below Sonic?
	Poojicams: Makes poo look good
57. In the Corruption of Champions Thanksgiving special event, what is the 2nd description of Turkey Girl's breast size?
	each easily the size of a goblin
58. A 2006 show from the creators of The Office features a performer from the Harry Potter franchise. In this episode what terms are used for a condom?
	johnny, durex, prophylactic, sheath
59. A page a day calendar features perforated meat and a horoscope on Aug 23th. What is the horoscope?
	Virgo is often known for its stubborn and headstrong nature. Yes, it is. Yes, it fucking is.
60.  What does Little Monty have to share with his grandfather in order for both of them to get stronger?
	breast milk (missed)
61. What is the license plate of a fictional lawyer who is getting his own television show?
	LWYRUP
62. What is Bob Balaben's job in New Penzance?
	librarian (missed)
63. A young actor did that slayed McGeady did a spit take
when he found out that a soccer player had what?
	a defender up his backside
64. A creator of Night in the Woods also produced a video about ice cream. In order what colors of ice cream are dispensed from a machine?
	yellow, purple, purple, yellow, green, red
65. What does Buke and Gase thank Christine Sun Kim for in their Function Falls CD?
	magically appearing at the swimming hole and becoming fast friends (missed)
66. The fan animation summarizing a 6 year old French indy game contains what spooky twist at the end?
	You've been dead this whole time. You're the real ghost. (missed)
67. What does the word worm ride away on in
Zelpuz when the game begins?
	a hang glider shaped like the letter A (total shutout)
68. In an episode of Junior Christian Science Bible Lessons
what is the official name of the character who performs Prayer by Lois Rodgers Kircher?
	Mr. Grey Spaceman
69. What does the author of a article about a godzilla monster at the University of Kentucky say an alcohol enema feels like to him?
	for me butt chugging is like sitting on the edge... (total shutout)
70. This soccer player took a controversial vacation to Cambodia this summer. In a Gold Cup quarterfinal, an object was thrown from the stands. What was the object and what did he do with them before the referee took them?
	sunglasses, he put them on
71. On the CD 57 kids spooky sounds, which tracks features the sounds of velcro and air pump?
	Skeleton Dance, The Wolves Are Coming  (missed)
72. John Talbot had his ass shot off in a honky tonk in 1936. Where is his sister now?
	The Crazy Place
73. Who was Trivia Master Portia recorded hanging out with on Sept. 25, 2013?
	Abby, Jessica, Carrie, and Sophie (missed)
74. Travis Woo is known for inventing the Living End Magic the Gathering deck. The latest version of the deck includes how many of what cards that include the ability cycling?
	4 architectures of will, 4 street wraiths, 4 jungle weavers
75. In the interactive animation with music by Ensemble Pamplemousse what happens after a character eats six apples and how many of what fall out?
	She gets stabbed in the back and 7 apples fall out (missed)
76. What is the special sauce that a quirky TV molecular gastronomist thinks will be amazing for the fries he prepares for the metrosexual biker party?
 (missed)	
77. In the Winifred Boynton creation story what offbeat characteristic does the whale possess? 
	an extra blowhole
78. According to the owner a cafe similar to successful businesses in Japan and Europe to be opening this summer in a west coast city will be nirvana to its full-time residents when compared to what?
	being left in a cage with an uncertain future
79. What nickname does Mary Jean Ballner give the cat she calls the best cat in the United States?
	Champer-Damper
80. The most expensively trained CIA spy was struck down by a cab at the start of the mission. What was the name of the project this was under?
	Acoustic Kitty
81. In the currently beta smartphone game based on a cartoon hangover, the item description for ice cream claims the most popular flavor is what?
	super chinese peanut butter (total shutout)
82. According to an article by the Geekery editor who joined the A team in July 2012 where is the picture Catsicle located?
	Somerset, New Jersey
83. To send 2-3 cats that promote the annual complement of japanese sculpture to businesses at no cost to you, what should you include in your email subject line?
	code 451c (missed)
84. Paul Lisnek's high school alma mater brought what production to the 1987 Illinois theater festival?
	Teahouse of the August Moon
85. After eating sugar free gummy bears, one consumer describes her consequent experience as like someone trying to funnel niagara falls through a coffee straw. How does one consumer who was visited by the fart fairy title his experience?
	Gastrointestinal Armageddon
86. According to the list Races and Species  of Pahnoten
what is the description a war horse?
	this species in most respects live 20% longer (missed)
87. What is the final recommended battle system type of foe found in mines in planet littered with ancient ruins and with massive energy signatures?
	(missed)
88. The narrator of the comic by Yumi Sakugawa that begins with the line, "I have a confession to make"
witnesses an exchange of books. What are those books?
	World War Z, 1qa4 (missed)
89. The band that received Seb Alvarez's top album of 2013 will be on tour with another band in February. The band they will be on tour with received a shout out in a song about the life of a touring musician. Who wrote that song?
	The world is a beautiful place and I am no longer afraid to die (missed)
90. 	A musical ensemble from Detroit is known for its guerrilla performances. What was the original contract for this band written on?
	cardboard box
91. When Jimmy Pesto's starts serving burgers, what does the banner they hang up to advertise them say?
	Now serving burgers. Besto burgers on the block.
92. On Aug. 26, 1841, a battle occurred at a coastal city. According to the front cover of Nadia Sirota's first vinyl release the speakers of that city's dialect would greet extraterrestrial life forms by saying what?
	Friends of space, how are you all? Have you eaten yet? Come visit us if you have time.(missed)
93. Benedict Cumberbatch was shocked to discover that what topically applied emollient in fact doesn't exist and what makes him look like a silly bastard?
	Neutron Cream, jumping up and down shaking my hands
94. An article that features a picture of Hawkeye Pierce captioned "Johneye" as number six has what captions for rest of pictures in the article?
	John Stark, John Rogers, John Fury, John Banner, John Widow, John (missed)
95. The website Reincarnation of Marilyn Monroe contains recordings of her poetry self described as original, dark, twisted, and sexual. What question is asked in poem 66 and what is the answer?
	who ate the brownies, the fly (total shutout)
96. In the Legend of Zelda, you go into Kakarako Village starting at 12:33, after you spend in real time 2 hours in the graveyard, 1 hour chasing Cuccos, and 27 minutes in the windmill, what time will it be in the game?
	12:33
97. What is Jake Barker doing before "heading out" with friends in Brooklyn?
	Just goofing around
98. When Ali Lapointe flees from his first FLN assignment with his accomplice, they pass an advertisement for what brand?
	Gillette
99. In a fan video about the Trickster set to a song by Eminem, what 2 ongoing fake series within Supernatural are in the clips used?
	Dr. Sexy MD, Casa Radica (total shutout)
100. In a letter to Winifred Boynton Pres. Eisenhower thanks a man calling attention to the Boynton's travels. In what city and state did that man die?
	Deerfield, IL (total shutout)
101. The overall winner geographically closest to Appleton of the contest named for the original writer of the line, "It was a dark and stormy night" compares what 2 things via a simile?
	Cheryl's mind turned like the vanes of a wind-powered turbine
102. In the disclaimer to St. Synaptics' book, what is the correction to the Twinkie accusation?
	We in fact worship the cream filling within
103. In the game Batman Arkham Asylum a menu appears in the secure transit room in the intensive treatment area.
What is on the menu for Sunday?
	crocodile? (total shutout)
104. According to DFW in an essay from 1996 any surface in public that is not stainless steal or glass is a particular kind of carpet. What does this carpet never do?
	nap (missed)
105. In 2013 a zoo in Brisbane, Australia received a species of primate name for its resemblance to the German emperor Wilhelm II. From which zoo did they receive this animal?
	Aalborg Zoo
106. In Equestria and Stars what happened "a couple of hours later" after Shooting Star smirked at Twilight and locked the door with magic?
	Both of them collapsed on the bed panting and sweating
107. What major antagonist from season 2 of MLP: FIM appears in episode 8 of season 4 and where?
	Discord, (missed)
108. Where did Princess Celestia banish Princess Molestia and for how long?	
	space camp for 1000 hours (missed)
109. In a parody of a parody of a popular pop song, what are the names of the two ponies who jump into a dark pit to escape from evil skeleton ponies?
	Sweetie Belle, Button Mash
110. When Rarity loses her element of harmony, she gives a name to the thing she obsesses over. Who is it named after?
	Tom Sales
111. In Gizoogle translation of FLP:FIB season 1 episode 1,
what sentence is written twice in the opening narration?
	I ain't talkin' bout chicken 'n' gravy, biatch
112. During attempt to funnel water to Cloudsdale,
what are the names of the two ponies who collide as the tornado falls apart?
	Crescent Moon, (missed)
113. In Friendship is Witchcraft what is the complete sentence in which a Star Trek pun is made?
	I'm sorry to have put you through so much tribble (missed)
114. In Friendship Is Witchcraft what message did Fluttershy's father leave for her and what was it written with?
	I dare you to love again, written in ant pheromones 
115. What is the longest sentence spoken by Big McIntosh in MLP:FIM?
	We don't wanna talk to any y'all right now so take your little gossip column and your embarassing photographs and just go away.
116. How did the former best friend of Radric Davis change his eating habits after the death of his brother?	
	becoming 85% vegan (missed)
117. In an 1847 medical publication on caring for the sick,
what fatiguing activity is said to give your patient a better chance of sleeping well?
	brushing their hair (missed)
118. In the 2011 Ames straw poll butter carving contest, what did the winner carve?
	a glass of milk (missed)
119. Who was 1st named plaintiff in the sexual harrassment lawsuit against the William Mitchell College of Law in the 1980s?
	Laura Broomell
120. In the original tutorial video preceding the special Valentime's  day one, what are three colors used named?
	waffle house yellow, electricity blue, and money green
121. According to the woman who wrote the article "Kurt Vonnegut Character or Professional Wrestler?",
what would the internet browser history of the main character of the 3rd F. Scott Fitzgerald novel read?
	me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me
122. The bar recon specialist in Bar Rescue stars in a
commercial in which the fifth flaming phrase reads what?
	mac 'n' cheese (thrown out)
123. In Invader Zim what does Dwicky's coworker's mug say?
	Obey
124. 2 contestants from Project Runway, one of which has twice been in the top 2 and the other of which has twice been in the top 4, went on vacation where in 2011?
	Disneyland (missed)
125. According to Allie who was Mary's 2nd child after Christ?
	Santa
126. What is the profession of the father of the British man who shares a name with the cinematographer for the sequel to Rocky Horror Picture Show?
	servant in the stationery office (missed)
127. One of the brothers of the inventor of the Ouija board shot off the leg of a colonel. What was that colonel's name?
	Ulric Dahlgren
128. On the cover sheet of the sheet music of Noel by John Denver what is Fozzie Bear holding?
	triangle
129. After Sheep falls out of his apartment, what is the name of the newspaper box on the street?
	Home Town Blather (missed)
130. According to a Cedar Falls, IA school board member, what was the man without a fault's name?
	St. Andreas (missed)
131. A recent Russian nationalist video centered on Stalin attempts to draw in the youth using American pop culture by featuring a 1984 blockbuster. What 1960s hit song is also incorporated into the video?
	Respect (missed)
132. Guidelines for taking public transport in Chicago advise riders to be more wary of what during the current season?
	feces in the train cars (total shutout)
133. As a boy Wes Anderson performed in an opera. For what 1999 TV mini-series did the grandson of that opera's composer write music?
	Eureka Street
134. In Dave Eggers' work for The Thing, what sentence follows "Your Knees"?
	I like the way the water funnels between your legs and cascades down your body in corkscrews
135. According to Degutopia website created in 2004, doing what to a degu was the only way to look at their feet?
	putting butter on their back and dropping them (missed)
136. Before this actor was a NYC detective showing Nathan Fillion the ropes, he hunted some magical things. What on a snowy night made his hunting genes kick in?
	Sabrina used her magic to fix his heater (missed)
137. How many blue ribbons were awarded at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition?
	0
138. What character is featured in level 3 of Zooble's Bounce and Trounce?
	Zabrina (missed)
139. In the video for Lawrence University's 2012 
dining services for student workers what is Batman's one question?
	Why are you on your iPod? (missed)
140. The creator of a puzzle game who shares an acronymic name with the main character in an 
infamous Harry Potter fanfic confirms what in game word is misspelled?
	yxonumei (missed)
141. What musical act would Mike Patton and Danny DeVito go see on their perfect man date?
	Gnarls Barkley
142. A T-shirt from Out of Print features a pig. According to the author of the book inspiring the shirt, what is the satirical tale about?
	Stalin
143. Philip Morris recently uncovered old episodes of a British TV show. One features the first appearance by a recurring military officer whose daughter is portrayed by what actress?
	Jemma Redgrave
144. The by products of _ and _ offer the best salts to water ratio to make our streets safer.
	mozzarella, provolone
145. One Romona Flower's evil exes got his start in a film directed by a well-known indie director. Who was the director said to be in awe of during the filming of that movie, and what did it make him do?
	Bill Murray, gave all directions to Murray in a whisper
146. If you lose one of Miscellaneous Goods Company's playing cards, what are the 2 reasons assumed to have caused you to lose the card?
	either you have kids or you're absent minded
147. Dave Vallee created a stone sculpture of a musical instrument. At the unveiling an American instrumentalist performed. This instrumentalist is the member of a world-touring trio. What are the names of the other two members?
	Jean-Luc DiFraya, Cherif Soumano
148. After selecting "More" in Dinosaur for Game Boy Color, what is the 2nd item in the list, and how is it spelled?
	Pictuer 2 (missed)
149. According Grandpa Rome, what is heaven like?
	The French are cooks, the English are police officers, the Germans are engineers, the Swiss are bankers, and the Italians are lovers.
150. At the end of the fauna section of the Codex Seraphinianus, the last illustration represents which animal from our universe?
	rhinocerous
151. What does Hannibal do before an appearance in San 
Francisco on the Eric Andre Show?
	He turns the seat cushion over (missed)
152. According to a biography by Mark Spitz, what was the nickname of the car Billie Joe Armstrong owned in 1992?
	Thor (total shutout)
153. When Jack reads about the saber tooth in the Ice Age book, who does he find out the saber tooth would've attacked?
	humans as well as woolly mammoths and other large animals
154. The Lawrence University archive has a photo album by Dean Earl Smith, a student from 1910-1912. One of the photos is of 2 girls and a dog. What is the caption?
	Nettie Ruffles
155. What was the subject of 21st piece of legislation passed by the LUCC?
	food service rebate for fasting (missed)
156. Mary Pinney, professor of zoology at Milwaukee-Downer College 1924-1949, taught her students a song about evolution. What was the 1st line?
	it's a long way from ??? (missed)
157. According to the 1926-27 LU infirmary report, 2 students were treated for each of 2 maladies. What were those maladies?
	scabies and trench mouth
158. In the early 1960's at milwaukee downer college, which building was farthest to the west?
	Chapman Memorial Library (missed)
159. In a lantern slide from about 1930 college expenses at Lawrence cost of tuition and incidental fees?
	$225
160. According to an oral history interview of a 1945 alum where were Lawrence students going when they said they were going "down river"?
	going to the cemetary to do some smooching (missed)
161. What is fourth from the bottom of armadillo's greatest hits published in the Lawrentian in 1973?
	While My Armadillo Gently Weeps
162. In Deer Hunter 2014 what trophy hunt animal is called the bachelor among the baobab trees?
	xauju (missed)
163. A reborn baby shares first name with singer who sang "how can you be superman with an S on your chest" on the official website for the baby, what is the baby is holding in the first and third pictures?
	bunny
164. According to the gamification website created by King Web Developer what is the favorite food of desert cacti?
	potatoes (missed)
165. A danish boy band founded in 2005 whose first performance was a cover of "lemon tree" covered what song in front of a Banca de Andalucia in Malaga?
	Toto's Africa
166. One Wikia community question involving chocolate has an answer that centers around Buddhism and marriage. What is the second part of the answer to this question?
	Trivia 49: Never Forget Granddaddy (missed)
167. A direct descendant of St. Louis once pardoned two herds of swine convicted of infanticide. Who petitioned for their clemency?
	Friar Humbert de Poutiers (missed)
168. What is the title and author of the Bjorklunden merchandise item priced at $9.95?
	Potpourri from Kettle land by Irene (total shutout)
169. In a fan art book for the TV show Supernatural which was available for preorder in July and Aug 2013, cassette tapes from what two artists were pictured?
	Metallica and AC/DC
170. How much more frequently is the word "freak" used in all They Might Be Giants lyrics than in printed English?
	79.61%
171. What is the subtitle of the chapter in which Dettwyler has a silly conversation with Agnes?
	Not just another bit of exotic ethnographic trivia
172. In the short cartoon "Race Rabbit", what special feature of the race car is used to save the kidnapped prince?
	Rump Roast & net
173. At the top of the Hill of Difficulty, what currency would you use if you wanted to purchase some honey?
	New Zealand dollar
174. What does the ninth out of 16 of Flatline Corporation's "Way Cool Triangles 24" say you should not say to a police officer?
	No, YOU assume the position (missed)
175. What's that smell in compartments 40 and 41 of the Darjeeling Limited?
	Voltaire #6 (missed)
176. What game can be downloaded from a version of wwwwwwww.jodi.org? (eight w's)
	Quake
177. In the answer to a question submitted by Alex Burman to a physics blog updated weekly, what does the author claim is necessary to use a bathtub to brew tea?
	One 3 kilogram bag
178. Yellow Ostrich shares a band member with another indie band. What color did the lead singer of this second band and his wife, also a member of the band, paint their dining room walls and what was the brand name of the paint?
	Minty Green and Glidden Premium (total shutout)
179. Before performing some ballet music in the Lawrence University Chapel, what name did Frank Zappa give to the Alto Flute?
	The big tube (total shutout)
180. What does Ray Richmond say is the perfect George Costanza episode?
	The Opposite
******Polish Hour Begins!******
181. The creator of a train-related game, an award-winning dancer who cannot stand, and an actor in a Polish TV series all have something in common. What is it?
	Pyotr Ivaneski (the name of all three) (missed)
182. How would you spell the Grand Master's nickname (Addy) in the mnemonics the Chicago Polish Scouting Organization uses to remember morse code?
	azat dolina dolina yorkelosser (off-campus shutout)
183. This musician usually performs in his favorite thrift store jumpsuit. On his official website, according to the explanation of his most food related album, how does he describe himself?
	Half diplomat, half groove generator, all asexual cyborg(missed)
184. Alan Herriot recently created a statue honoring a Polish war hero known for his love of cigarrettes and beer. What was his rank and name?
	Private Wojtek
185. In this Chicagoland public school named after the author of Quo Vadis, which 9th grader won third place in the 46th annual Adam Mickiewicz competition?
	Anya Stulbar (Total shutout) 
(Polish hour ends THANK G-D)
186. What school does the bully who beats up Otto have on his t-shirt?
	NYU (Total shutout)
187. In an online announcement from Bon Appetit's/Lawrence's own chef Mark Biesack, what carefully designed corner-store product does he recommend buying locally?
     Number 2 pencils (Total shutout)
188. He sells the crispy crunchy ones that come in cereal and hot chocolate. He has other entrepreneurial endeavors but will only pimp this one out if it's a friendly male who is smart and can talk. What's the name of the  enterprise he's willing to pimp?
     Grey Congo the African Grey Parrot
189. A person who shares a name with one of the current trivia masters runs a site dedicated to information about an animal. On that site, what's on the plate that Tizzy knows to leave alone?
      Yams (missed)
190. When Walter White moves to New Hampshire, what DVD is there two copies of in his house?
	Mr. Maggorium's Wonder Emporium
191. While playing at Le Poisson Rouge during the CMJ Music Marathon, what is written on the Buke?
	Beautiful wish
192. Rapper MC Ride has an identical tattoo on each of his biceps. What supernatural figure is associated with that symbol?
	Papa Legba (missed)
193. One Survival Horror video game used a character from a company famous for rainbows, bears with hats and Trapper Keepers in its trailer. What's the name of the character?
	Cassie (missed)
194. On page 201 of his personal copy of Silence of the Lambs, which word did David Foster Wallace circle?
	Louche (and we are at 600 points!)
195. In the Sigma Phi Epsilon initiation ceremony, what should the initiate be pricked with at the phrase, "Lest his conscience prick him"?
	Toothpick (missed)
196. A blog that sadly never published their "Michelina vs. Stouffers Face Off" references an important book from 2007 in one of their posts. What is on p. 56 of this book?
	Recipe for Dr. Pepper Bake (missed)
197. The Baumer asked, "How did she break her arm?" Answer in the first person.
	I fell down the stairs with her.
198. How does John Scalzi argue that Adam's oldest son was a Nazi?
	"You know who else was a vegetarian? Hitler, that's who. Thereby, Cain was a Nazi."
199. I walk out of the Pickleville Playhouse and check Yelp for the best pizza in town. When I get there, according to Aaron, what do I gotta have?
	Doodles (missed)
200. According to C.S. Lewis, this book was the hardest he ever wrote. In the heat of composition, a character in the book inadvertently changed shape. What shape did he assume?
	A large centipede
201. One of Grant Harville's orchestras performed "Pirates of the Caribbean" at what recent concert?
	The Halloween Spooktacular
202. While calling the cops, a man got some dairy product on his cap. What was the other carnage caused by the poultry-related incident he was reporting?
	Punches were thrown, something about yogurt, frozen turkey wound up swung and launched and a pallet of bacon got overturned.
203. According to Richard Reed, British soldiers would do what to make the Vikers gun operate? 
	Piss on it
204. When a dad is a cheap guy, what should his daughter say in example #3?
	You know what Dad always says: If we ate wet dog food every day, then it wouldn't be special on our birthday. (Total shutout)
205. An author who claims that she writes about women being buzzed compares felines to which celebrity?
	Simon Cowell
206. A feminist had a play written about her starring Judy Kuhn. What main advice did that feminist give when interviewed on Oct 15, 2013?
	(missed)
207. This non profit was founded by academics, activists, and Quakers. According to this organization how does Betty Crocker's treatment of women score in relation to Ben and Jerry's?
	Ben and Jerry's scores above Betty Crocker (missed)
208. An actress who was friends with Gregory Peck and attended political rallies with him said "you can do one of two things" What are those two things?
	You can just shut up or you can learn an awful lot very fast
209. A subversive artist's most famous painting was inspired by Caravaggio's Judith. A movie was made about her life. What does John Anderson say about the filmmaker's use of the feminist archetype?
	A film such as "Artemisia" uses a nearly 400-year-old feminist archetype as a de facto cover-up of male villany. 
210. A girl who wrote under the name Gul Makai 
in an inteview by Michelle Martin that aired the beginning of this month, why does she say she fights with her little brother?
	Because she's thinking about his future
211. If Mary Madalene were a feminist, what rights would she have fought for?
	Sex workers rights and returning belly dancing as an exercise for giving birth (missed)
212. A California sufferage activist designed a postcard in the early the 20th century with a quote from a feminist author who later ODed on chloroform. What was that quote?
	Politics governs even the purity of the milk supply. It is not outside the home but inside the baby.
213. When he was 10 an actor was in all 12 episodes of remake of a popular TV show about vampires. What does that actor say happens when we see women portrayed as objects in movies, TV, and magazines and we don't think about it?
	It just sort of seeps into your brain and becomes the way you perceive as reality
214. In a sculpture by Aristotle Georgiades and Gail Simpson in their series of actual size objects in Sept 2009,
they say by entwining a spiral with large ends together a tapering form reminisent of what appears?
	a cocoon or nest
215. In a 1994 article in a technical magazine that had debuted 2 years before reported that Trashcan Man is afraid to try what?
	vegemite
216. In 2010 a man was very unsatisfied with his Amazon.com purchase of a Ouija board. What did he receive for his birthday as a result of his ordeal?
	a big city slider station
217. In Grayfell Theater's original production of 
Down the Drain in Bjorklunden, what phrase is on the flip chart next to the sticky note that says "What???"
	rub a dub dub scrublex in a tub (missed)
218. About how many times does Carl McCoid claim to have viewed his favorite musician's recent controversial video?
	 46 and counting
219. In a collection of bloopers what does King the camel do to Jack Hanna and what does he give him?
	he shoots out his tongue and gives him a lick (missed)
220. If you'd like to spread the word that Jesus believes in evolution, you should distribute a handout that features what equation?
	apes + aliens = humans
221. At the website www.pointerpointer.com there is a
picture with a Build a Bear workshop in the background.
What is written in the bottom lefthand corner of the picture?
	naturalizer
222. What is the 1st signature line by Canadian moderator Bev on a website dedicated to Prince?
	hush nubbets (missed)
223. A technique in biochemistry to lyse the membranes of a cell while leaving the organelles intact can be used to make what kind of fancy liquor?
	bacon whiskey (off campus shutout)
224. In the wikihow teaching germ freaks to do #2 in a public toilet, what do you not want to get into premature contact with your toilet paper?
	your butt gherkin
225. What does Scorch say will twist the Skeg out of shape?
	a little fiery foul play
226. How does Evan Weiss rank his productivity on a scale against L'il Wayne?
	Nikki Minaj (shutout)
227. A candidate got 620 less votes than Vernon Supreme in the New Hampshire primary built his campaign around an element. Which IPA symbol describes that element's first phoneme?
	theta
228. A German patron of the arts was the wife of the past Duke of Portella. She was born to a member of the 4th Duma of the Russian Empire and his wife.
At what age did her mother die?
	60
229. For a short time the web magazine Slate published a paper version. Where was it sold?
	Starbucks
230. In an autobiographical comic when a comic artist who shares a name with the founding bassist of Lamb of God feels he cannot control his voice under the influence of psychedelics,  what does he say?
	the next war will happen on a psychic plane (total shutout)
231. Who at 123 Carenden Rd. is using Maurice's new cup?
	Richmond
232. What spelling error does Black Cindy's sign have at  
Taystee Jefferson's going away party?
	The "t" in "bitch" is missing (missed)
233. What happens when it's your birthday in a card game version of a popular Parker Brother's game?
	All players give you $2 million as a gift
234. The author who was a member of the groups TF2-Sexymans and Adopt a Homestuck has what moral at the end of one of their stories?
	robots get all the ladies -- all of them (total shutout)
235. On a popular sports live journal with users with nicknames mongoose 4toe, 3toe,  Pchan
what event was it celebrating on Nov 3 2012?
	Plushin Christmas (missed)
236. A Brazilian player is known for a trick that leaves opponents no option but to foul him. Opponents say he's just showing off. In 2013 he used this trick when his team was leading 4-3. What was the response?
	There was a fight (missed)
237. Some gigalos suggest you buy this item from a website if you're having fecundity issues. What is on the corner of this lucky item?
	a fuzzy red dog
238. Which Degutopia degu was injured in June 2007 and what was their injury?
 	Jeremy, prolapsed penis
239. What does Edith Demarche say is the best safeguard against undesirable sex?
	accepting sex... (missed)
240. If you are a young free range chicken spending time with a dominating ravenous chef, what happens as wave after wave of heat embraces your flesh?
	you become unbearably moist and soft
241. On the 379th birthday of Terry O'Quinn's most famous character's eponym, which movie did Jay Leno refer to?
	A Good Old Fashioned Orgy (missed)
242. What is the preferred age, breed, and sex of the Long Pig for consumption?
	female, caucasian, early 20s
243. A recording by the death metal group Party Cannon features a clip from the movie Friday. What is the song called?
	We Prefer the Term Living Impaired
244. According to Arthur Desmond what must we do as far as sociology is concerned?
	We must either abandon our reason or abandon Christ
245. If he had followed through on the gag that Eric Andre though of while driving toward 6400 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, what would he have in his bag?
	blood and body parts
246. On a midnight train to Galway what pseudonym did James Barry give to the Yankee?
	Ackroyd (missed)
247. On one Nov 20 the assassin of a US president was startled to discover a new hole in his coat. Who was responsible for the damage?
	William W. Jones (Bill Jones)
248. To be transformed into the likeness of bird, what marquis would you seek?
	Andrealphus
249. The dog that spoke phrase "I don't jump through hoops for anybody" was voiced by a famous 67 year old actor. What is product being advertised, and who is the actor?
	Tommy Lee Jones, Molson Red Dog Beer
250. In the Reddit thread "Do you like it when your bf/ husband cums on your face" someone brings up a relevant link.  In her equation solve algebraically for "my face."
	my face = FFFUUUUUUUUUUU! - me - BF - shower - his semen (missed)
251. A writer using the pseudonym Jizz Jussinger wrote an online column about his Old Navy addiction. He also published a column under his real name about the dangers of a certain snack. What movie is mentioned by name in that column?
	Devil's Due (missed)
252. In the M-rated supernatural Pokemon fanfic that starts with a party in Veridian City and ends in laughter, what drink is Brock enjoying?
	Schlitz (missed)
253. In fanfic what is the Dean's response to Jeff saying, "Can't believe I've never done this before"?
	maybe you just hadn't met the right Dean (shutout)
254. In H/C Destiel fluff fic written for 2012 J2 Big Bang by Annie D, what kind of creature is Castiel?
	a garruda (total shutout)
255. What is the n reason Modest Mouse won't play the song "Freebird"?
	Life is too fucking short to play or hear "Freebird"
256. A popular clothing blog produced a video
"My Life Is Fucking Ridiculous." How many times is that phrase used and who is the character receiving fan mail from?
	6, world leaders
257. In this Ivy League lupine-named feminist activist's biography she discusses nitric oxide and nitric oxide synthase. How do these chemicals affect the subject of this biographic book? 
	vaginal and clitoral engorgement 
258. What is the slogan for the yellow circular cleaning product one user calls "a little too large for your average American frank"?
	Large or small or inbetweener, nothing beats a cleaner wiener
259. What is the 2nd line in the lyrics of the song whose title is reminiscent of a fashion trend first showcased by lead singer of the band with the best-selling single "I Touch Myself"?
	I got this power in my genitals
260. Spongebob trivia card 1 of 3 has the question "Which of the following awards did Spongebob win?" What is multiple choice answer a?
	Best Driver 2003 (total shutdown)
261. One of the original illustrators of Roman of the Rose included some interesting flora in one of the margins. What is this flora?
	a penis tree
262. Hyde in That 70s Show makes a reference to a 
euphemism also mentioned in Urban Dictionary definition of a term describing a caucasian person who attempts to assimilate to Japanese culture. What is this reference?
	pootytang
263. In an episode of a youtube documentary about hipsters featuring speed dating and information about butts, what is the complete quote from the man in an orange sweater in the shot starting with him on stool on stage and ending with the quote "slow over many weeks"?
	The enema and suppositories didn't go so well. I didn't realize how much sphyncter control was required...
264. According to John Bridges after Memorial Day in the South a gentlemen feels no necessity to wear what in church?
	socks
265.  A RedEye staffer originally from Wichita, KS would rather not ride a bicycle in the summer and would instead prefer to be doing what outside?
	drink beer on a stoop and go for a long damn walk
266. What is the nickname for Wendy Schneider in the
liner notes for the album Amerijuanican by Bongzilla?
	the Weedster (total shutout)
267. When Gil from WeedMaps goes to Seattle Head Fest 2012 his old friend Bacari takes him to the festival in what?
	420-friendly pedicab
268. What picnic race club whose first minutes were taken
on Monday, May 3 over 200 years ago features the 
road boot picnic area, terrace boot picnic area, and hill boot picnic area?
	Bong Bong Picnic Race Club
269. How much does piece of merchandise from the band The World Is a Beautiful Place and I Am No Longer Afraid to Die cost that is coming soon and has click here for the link dude on the preview page?
	$420.69 (missed)
270. Mr Bowers states that you'll need a roughing gouge, 3/8 spindle gouge, parting tool, 4 jaw chucks, jacobs chuck with morse taper, 3/8 drill bit, and sandpaper and that
if a jaw chuck is not available, this project can be completed with a face plate. What is he instructing you to build?
	weed pot
271. Who does a religious camp in Utah claim people who complain about being single on Valentine's Day should spare a thought for?
	There are people dying from marijuana every day
272. On a fine Australian day Matt sits upon desk of his trusty vessel with a team mate clutching his coveted medallion. His ship's rigging displays a banner saying "Sail Melbourne Cup Carnival" among other things. What is the class of dinghy for which Matt won the world championship in 2000?
	420 class
273. A professor who teaches such classes as introduction to sociology, sociology of deviance, and social problems says pot smokers have their own way of speaking. What words are alien to people not in their group?
	nugs, dank, bogarting, rastafarian, coffee shops (missed)
274. A new bar's manager described it as "it's straight, it's gay, it's everything" will be opening soon. What did a nurse from Queens have to say about the bar?
	It's a great idea, very trendy. You can have a drink, do some sexy shopping, and have something to eat. The only thing missing is a go-go boy or two.
275. Craig Charles is loving a record by Henric Strahl and a keyboardist who transports himself to the "real Miami."
With what combination?
	tabasco and mayonnaise
276. When Troy Barnes wants to make his food, what does he make?
	It's bagel bites in a deconstructed hot pocket reduction and a Doritos glaze
277. When you buy a 6" sub from the Cottage Inn Restaurant in Romulus, MI, what is written on the bag?
	incredible edibles (shutout)
278. The guy who hopes girls don't realize his dad makes the weird saran wrapped pie slices at gas stations has what company's logo on his hoodie?
	Adidas (missed)
279. What does Tracy Jordan say he can't eat? Please sing the song for that item.
	Cheesy blasters, You take a hot dog, stuff it with some jack cheese, fold it in a pizza -- you've got Cheesy Blasters!
280. A Dragonball toy collector who owns 38 piccolo figurines produced a series of philosophical videos on YouTube. At age 10 what will happen to a baby featured in one of these skits and how will it happen?
	lose both arms trying to paint her self portrait (total shutout)
281. While Ice King is searching for a demonic wishing eye, what search suggestions have to deal with women?
	ways to ask a girl to prom, which girls would like me, words that make girls like you, wizard chick picks skinny knees
282. This band is one of the 2 largest in a Tiny Desk concert. In their music video slapping each other, something is broken on the floor. What is it?
	a light bulb (missed)
283. At the website that tells you what Google thinks of you, your friends, or anything, if you run the first name of the former CEO of NPR who resigned last August through this site, what is the reason he was suspended from bike racing. What is it?
	for having long hair
284. In 2011 a newspaper explored the effect of cutting NPR from the federal budget and falsely attributed a quote about overseas jobs to an Illinois senator. In this hypothetical what did pulling funding from the shows create?
	4.2 million jobs
285. What exactly does Jake from Appleton believe in?
	dark blue standard cab long bed Dodge (missed)
286. Identify the speaker in this clip: Isabelle Eberhardt has been a muse for me over the last 3 years or so Swiss woman who lived at the end of the 19th century for a life of adventure and romance dress as a man and ride around Morocco and Tunisia on horseback 
	Missy Mazzoli
287. On what make of car did the caller learn to bernstein the clutch?
	Maserati
288. When This American Life had too much light, what was the response to the clarification question?
	extremely exaggerated elucidation
289. What are the kiddie breakfast options at Los Pollos Hermanos?
	French toast slice, egg and cheese burrito, and 3 silver dollar pancakes
290. In the 2009 professional dart championship, who ate my darts?
	pitbull
291. What is the name of the grand sire of the gelding whose own title is reminiscent of the king mentioned after Robert Love Taylor describes castles as fragrant in Love Pictures?
	Graustark
292. What president is Ashley knot 1110 named for?
	Teddy Roosevelt
293. In the central panel of Winifred Boynton's
creation story mural, what animal is uncharacteristically hanging out in a tree?
	a deer (missed)
294. Delta Darlins' home county was once home to
skeleton 31 who for a long time resided at burial number 10. What was wrong with him?
	his mandible was disarticulated (missed)
295. Which monsters pictured on the Dragon Warrior Monsters box are not pictured on the game cartridge?
gremlin, wattabue (sp?) (missed)
296. How does the negative review of the "hipster targeted programming" about facial hair growth end?
	why do they bother
297. What are instructions for the product endorsed by Ronald McReagan that claims to repel even the most damaging allegations and turns accusation into adoration with just one application?
	Hold applicator above head and spray in a circular halo formation. For external use only. (total shutout)
298. In "The One with Joey's Big Break," what is the magazine Rachel is reading?
	Newsweek
299. Divide the cost of Andy Dwyer's women's studies program by the number of times Ron Swanson tried to fire Leslie Knope, subtract the costs the reasonableists paid for one of Ron's recorders, and on the list of college traditions Lawrence University shared this year, when does that numbered event occurs?
	The last Thursday of classes (total shutout)
300.  What was the 1st line of the 3rd paragraph in the letter David W. Lewis wrote to Lorne Michaels on 
Jan. 9, 2010?
	Ever notice how when looking through a window, you can also see your own reflection? (missed)
301. Near the end of the Thermals' produced multimedia musical Sword by My Side, what do the sprites say they got back?
	bodies (missed)
302. In the Black Brick Road of Oz what reference to 19th century Russian literature is in the Garden of Meets?
	Taxing the Elders by R. Raskolnikov (total shutout)
303. Randall Munroe compiled a list of Google autocomplete API queries 33000 questions long. What is geejo's answer to the 1249th line of this list?
	The Nazis needed somewhere to keep their gold while they worked on rebuilding to conquer the Earth. In reality, apophenia is a hell of a thing.
304. What was the internal nickname for the Magic the Gathering card described as lightning helix is to lightning bolt as this card is to ball lightning?
	balm lightning
305. Judy Kowalkowski works for a team whose logo goes by what nickname?
	Bubbles
306. What is a gestating Buddhist reassured her baby will not turn into using a procedure pioneered by an
American neurologist who injected 111 mg of cocaine into 
into a male volunteer?
	a three-eyed cancer monkey (missed)
307. On day 1173 of life immortal based loosely on Lycerius game, what plan is it time to instigate?
	Zanahue-Eskalade
308. Paul Benacerraf uses the education of two imagined siblings in an essay about numbers. The siblings are raised by what?
	two militant logicists
309. Tai's model is dedicated to Tai's late parents Mr. and Mrs. T C Tai. What is that model?
	integration
310. If every pair in a group of people has no more and no less than one mutual acquaintance, then one person is friends with everyone. What is this fact called?
	the friendship theorem (missed)
311. One ancient Pythagorean believed that the 
Earth and Sun revolved around a 3rd central point. What did he call the body closest to this point?
	antichthon (or Counter-Earth)
312. In the last 2 years a mathematician from Kyoto has published papers at the same time totalling several hundred pages and claimed to have solved one of the most important issues in number theory. What is the name of the 1st paper published?
	Inter-Universal Teichmuller Theory I: Construction of Hodge Theaters
313. When Alice and Bill discover the transitive law of addition for surreal numbers, what do they name it?
	Alice's theorem (missed)
314. This mathematician spent the later part of life living out of a suitcase. A mark of mathematical prestige is named after him. What is the name of the mark and what is the highest non-infinite value achieved?
	Erdos number, 13
315. In 2013 a famous chocolatier produced a series of chocolates based on a long-running anime series. What is the flavor of the chocolate with the title character's face?
	yuzu [Naruto]
316. This species of Eucalyptus is named for the Australian town in which it is found, a town named for the Persian words for embankment and a local ruler. What are the occurrence remarks for a sample collected by R Story and determined by Andrew V Slee in Sept 2005?
	Erect white negligible soft... (missed)
317. In a discontinued 90s kids game for the PC, bananas play an important role. The highest rank that can be attained in that game is what?
	head scientist (shutout)
318. What is final goal that the job is leading to in 
Gale Boetticher's flow chart?
	palm trees (thrown out)
319. Give Fiery Blaze one good reason why he should go back there?
	I'm no good with out you, I can't find nothing,etc.
320. Seduction is a track featured in Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2. What is the composers full name?
	Hiroyoshi Kato
321. If you say "I didn't draw blood first but I did get an overwhelming feeling," you may suffer from a certain syndrome.  What is the 3rd stage of this syndrome?
	true vampirism
322. What is a popular misconception about the powers of a famous Canadian sock hat?
	bulletproof (missed)
323. In the comic by Riad Sattouf about Robert Trujillo,
what does the caption with the arrow pointing to the bass say?
	It's touching the ground! (missed)
324. What does Christensen Raynor call teenagers?
	(missed)
325. What editor of a Chicago based satirical publication has the same home town as Erick Weisz?
	Chad Nackers
326. The American pressing of Toes about my idle plot against vague anxiety on vinyl comes with a large piece of paper. On the side with the only sentence in English what does it say was written by Osumi a.k.a. O/Shakka Zombie?
	"lyrics" misspelled (total shutout)
327.  A rapper who rapped about Halloween and palm trees on another group's 4th studio album was convinced to go somewhere that he heard had bear repellent by a writer from California. The lead singer of the band who had the chorus on a song on the album Running with Scissors was convinced to do what by that writer?
	eat a lot of eggs (missed)
328. The current lead singer of a band whose former bassist's current band had a June 2011 release depicting a 
naked Nicole Kidman had an odd interaction with a fan.
The affectionate fan licked his shoes over and over.
What happened when that fan opened her mouth?
	George Clark spit in it (missed)
329. A composer called "the father" by Mozart had a piece featured on a TV show. What did the actor who played the piece say the one thing he had in common with his character was other than music taste?
	they wear the same belt (off campus shutout)
330. What is the title of the 2nd section of the essay included in the box set of the band whose current drummer is a former member of the band led by the author of the manifesto Transcendental Black Metal: a Vision of Apocalyptic Humanism?
	jazz ... conservatory (missed)
331. In an app created by Nieman and Wernstrom
an animal blows a bubble that turns into another animal.
what are the two animals and what are their associated colors?
	pink ostrich, lavendar octopus
332. In a letter to Miss Browning what did young Lincoln provide as reason to never again think of marrying?
	I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me
333. The most frightening thing about a Bug War or any other kind of humans-vs-aliens battle is the threat that humanity may be wiped completely from the map; that billions of years of evolution and thousands of years of civilization may be rendered meaningless by unstoppable Death from Above. What was created as counterargument?
	the three laws of robotics
334. The Vangar family lives on an island that shares its name with a village that flourished in the 8-11 centuries. In  that village for whom did King Sven set up a memorial?
	his retainer Skarde
335. If you have question about your bonds you might call Douglas Hannon. While on hold you might watch that company's Wes Anderson directed ad. Where does the actor work?
	(missed)
336. On day 4 of Gary E. Smith's ideal band camp schedule, what happens at 4:30?
	dinner outside Harding band building (missed)
337. In the very 1st publication of Bob Kane's most popular character, there is an advertisement for an electronic device. What is it called and what does it do?
	home recordo, makes records at home (missed)
338. The Rabbits United owner of usernames Inspector Morse, Endeavor, Sir Victor, and Jack has been posting since 2005. In that time how many posts has she authored and what is her daily rate?
	97247, 31.96
339. In Catch 22 what is the 7th sentence spoken during the Q&A about the war?
	Balls!
340. Why is sailing less tedious in the new Nintendo remake of a seafaring game?
	swift sail
341. At the edge of the property at Bjorklunden on Chapel Lane there is an arch. What word is written in the eaves of the arch and what year is it dated?
	justice, 2001 (missed)
342. After Liam becomes ill from a disorder associated with high serum concentrations of 9-carboxymethyl guanine what does he hire Aubrey Graham to do?
	say #yolo to him in person (missed)
343. On the most recent non-deluxe version of Luigi Serafini's masterpiece, what is pictured on page 85 with a number symbol on the bottom?
	a fish (missed)
344. What is Michael Schur's favorite joke that's ever been on Parks and Recreations?
	Hey Leslie, I typed your symptoms into the thing up here, and it says you could have network connectivity problems.
345. A Neopian loses over 30000 neo points in a scam over a purchase of a fire brush. On Oct. 17, 2001, what did they vow to do?
      I will miss my 30000 neo points and I'm determined to get them all back. To show Neopia it can happen. To show the scammer he CANNOT crush other peoples dreams...
346. What is the stage name of the actor who was the creator of a popular animated show for children and who was in a 50s murder mystery as a piano playing songwriter?
	David Saville
347. What is the screen name of the YouTuber whose user photo personifies the American Mustache Institute's logo?
	ian choad (total shutout)
348. In the 2000 Ariel whose album is a WLFM host holding?
	George Thurogood and the Destroyers (missed)
349. Which composer is never included with the greats?
	Johann Gambolputty de von Ausfern- schplenden- schlitter- crasscrenbon- fried- digger- dingle- dangle- dongle- dungle- burstein- von- knacker- thrasher- apple- banger- horowitz- ticolensic- grander- knotty- spelltinkle- grandlich- grumblemeyer- spelterwasser- kurstlich- himbleeisen- bahnwagen- gutenabend- bitte- ein- nrnburger- bratwustle- gerspurten- mitz- weimache- luber- hundsfut- gumberaber- shnedanker- kalbsfleisch- mittler- aucher von Hautkopft of Ulm
350. In a town Mark Burstein was in on Nov. 6, 2009, there are officials with the same job as Amy Poehler. One of them shares a name with an artist. Who is that artist and what hours of the day could we see that person's art if we're in Rhode Island on Mar 22, 2014?
	Susan Davy, 10 AM - 4 PM (total shutout)
351. On the day Mark Burstein was inaugurated but in the year 1874, an American socialite was born. What will be served as main with 2 sides tomorrow in the dining room named for that socialite?
	Grilled hanger steak with rosemary jus, couscous, broccoli
352. What is currently Mark Burstein's favorite fiction book?
	Dune
353. What is the student organization at the last college Mark Burstein worked at that students from Wisconsin would be most likely to join? Give the name of the club, description, and email address.
	Cheese Society, Everything cheese! We are a society dedicated to the history, making, and consumption of cheese, among other things, cheese@princeton.edu
354. At Mark Burstein's alma mater a concert was held last night featuring poems set by a major figure of a poetry movement. What poem by that poet appeared in the 1st New Yorker released after 9/11?
	Try to Praise the Mutilated World
355. A man with the same name as Mark Burstein project edited a book written by Peter Simon. According to the book what does it mean since you opened that book?
	You're probably already a reggae fan or are wondering what the fuss is about
356. Mark Burstein has a past in local government that involved keeping the city clean. What was the lawsuit in
May 1996 that dealt with the department Mark Burstein worked for?
	Neighbors Against Garbage v. Doherty
357. In the Schuebruk trumpet studies book, what in order are the last 3 bolded words in the instructions for grade 1?
	attack intervals slurring
358. What instruction did Leonard Bernstein write on 1st page of his score in Waldstein Sonata?
	use the arms more (missed)
359. In 1976 Rebecca Clarke submitted a number of her old manuscripts for cataloging, including one that was 
missing over 40 measures. Where were they eventually found?
	In a box in a closet in Clarke's former apartment
360. What did Sufjan Stevens wear to Nico Muhly's opera?
	Cutoff jeans and a Muppets hat (total shutout)
361. In the earliest known photo of Mark Applebaum composing, what type of pants is he wearing?
	Red Tuffskins pants.
362. When Joshua Piper's coffee is brewing, what does he play?
	Somebody Loves Me (missed)
363. How does Maurice Hinson describe one of the funnier moments in Francis Poulenc's Promenades?
	A wicked distillation of seasickness (missed)
364. The designer of the instrument Yo Yo Ma used to play the Bartok Viola Concerto in 1993 originally attempted to play what instrument?
	Trumpet
365. Domenico Montagnana built a cello that is now known as Petunia. In that cello's city of residence, what is the only option for Ethiopian food?
	Asmara
***Suit Hour Begins!***
366. What is the title of a Buzzfeed article that features pictures of Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Joseph Gordon-Leavitt, a Fall 1996 Joe Boxer ad, the Nov 1994 issue of Playboy, the July 7 issue of Sports Illustrated, and a pager with the number 4075552689
	52 things only 90's teenage guys can understand
367. If you were on an American Airlines flight and wanted to take advantage of the in-flight provisions, how much would it cost to send a memorial pet frame, a five-star throw, and 13 Star Wars Lego watches to this radio station?
	$414.02
368. This Lawrence graduate wrote a book used in the theater arts curriculum. What day did he die?
	January 28, 2007
369.  What is written on the plaque at the Silver Chasm Casino in the private conference room?
	A representation of the Empire State Bldg. and "Joseph Redcorn" July 12, 1907-Nov. 7, 1930 With loving respect to a fallen brave, from something something.
370. What does Teri Gender Bender describe as her new approach to her mother language in song?
	I approach my mother language as if I were an alien from outer space.
371. An episode of an animated Christian kids show has Bob co-hosting with a puppet instead of with Larry. What food item does Larry mention he got while taking public transportation?
	A burrito (off-campus shutout)
372. On the website that describes itself as being "Odd sites for the smartest humans in the land", what should we do if you answered "No" to the question, "Are you age 15 or older"?
	Wait here until you are 15. Do not look or click until then.
***Ian and John Pick Glass Up Off the Floor with their Teeth Hour***
373. Who does Micah Carli say Casey Calvert can pinch harmonic with?
	The best of 'em. (missed)
374. What does the Dude do after bowling a strike in a videogame-esque spoof of his movie?
	Drinks a White Russian.
375. According to the ad for the Samson Tandem Automatic Toaster, what is New Toasting Magic?
	"But wait until you drop 2 slices of bread end to end into its new single slot and see them pop up with both sides browned exactly alike. It's New Toasting Magic!"
376. An editor of the website with the tagline, "Young women, rich older men, juicy confessions" realized that her sugar daddy's wife's second home must have resembled what?
	Command central
377. This Selmer New York Alto Sax features the following stamp beneath the thumb rest on the bottom side of the horn:  118471 low-pitch something something. What instrument-making company created this sax and what is the real model name for the instrument?
	Busher true tone series 2.
378. Page 71 of Sean O'Suillibhean's book about Irish Wake Amusements contains a sentence that reads as follows:  "IN the north of Ireland the Molly Maguires are a very powerful organization..." Finish that sentence.
	"...went in groups to local lakes looking for an occasion to fight" (missed)
379. To apply for BandCamp.com's job "Designer, the Kind who Also Codes", you would have decoded a visual riddle. What three books are encoded in the riddle? 
	Don't make me think, The Psychology of Everyday Things, Rocket Surgery Made Easy
380.  What weapon ability does the Christmas-themed Wonderful 101 Hero have?
	Unite Hammer
381. What is the newspaper headline on page 64 of Rutu Modan's "Exit Wounds"?
	Aric was saved on his 20th birthday (total shutout)
382. Theodore Roosevelt was stalking a herd of buffalo when one of his supporters was inconveniently gored by a Rhino. Teddy [continued hunting blah blah] Teddy, and Bwana Medivu promptly ran into another rhino. What phrase did he utter as he stared down his rifle at the beast?
	Oh, you malevolent old idiot
383. In his writings concerning his hunting exp. on the African continent, Teddy features a photo of Suliman Na Meru. According to a capton on a photo taken by Kermit, what was the role of Suliman on the expedition?
	Elephant guide
384. In a comic about inspirational quotes containing Judge Blah, the protagonist executes what move on the prosecuting attorney?
	The Flying Elbow Drop (missed)
385. When Derek Bell performed an evening of Celtic music in Aug. 1997 at the Mountain View Center for the Perf. Arts, Paddy Maloney could not "toot a bit on the whistle" because the pair had a fight. What happened to their animals?
	My giant panda and my snow leopard ate his pig! (missed)
386. Why is the Faery Queen of Neopia selling powerful items?
	She's now selling them to raise money for Faeryland.
387. Holly Stohl's kitten is having issues pooping. What are the three specific symptoms she lists, what question does she ask.
	Uncontrollable dripping, diarrhea, and a raw butthole. Help?
388. In this web comic containing Keidren and the Templars, what word is spelled wrong in the issue in which the blue-haired wife dies? Give the correct and incorrect spelling.
	Brief/breif. (total shutout)
***Addy Goldberg/FINLAND HOUR BEGINS***
389. In the Onion parody of a reality TV show, a character kills a frog after another char. tells her to. What is the rationale for killing the frog?
	It was the sexy thing to do.
390. Portrayed by Tatiana Maslany, what is Beth Child's address?
	112 City Wide Way. (missed)
391. If you're a kindergartener at the alma mater of a certain senator, you've probably used his coloring book. What did you have for lunch on Weds. and how much did you pay?
	Chicken nuggets, white rice, fruit; $3.25
392. What are the results of the poll on the blog that called penguins "ketchup of the bird population"?
	0 votes for each of the cardinal, pigeon, eagle and regular brown ones. Poll closed.
393. A twin of the city that hosts the annual festival for redheads is the home of a monument erected as a memorial to martial law. What is the monument's title?
	An anonymous pedestrian
394. In an influential discussion of knowledge published in 1971, the author challenges the idea that Henry knows that he sees a barn by supposing Henry and the district to be full of what?
	Facsimiles
395. The fictional radio host whose middle name is the last name of the composer of the opera "Blue Monday" knows how to broadcast his show using his cell phone instead of a microphone. Who taught him to do that? 
	Earl Harlan (missed)
396. In the card game "Zombie Flux", only two of the zombies have names. What are they?
	Larry and Curly (missed) 
397. What song is the music box playing before Sylvester steals the monkey's costume in "Canary Row"?
	Alouette
398. On the website that lets YOU design custom cereal boxes, that has a super hero for a mascot, what word is misspelled and how do they spell it?
	Slogan / slogun
399. This special home has the same logo as Google Fiber. How has it been described many times?
	Hospice for rabbits
400. From his extremely small work-area performance French-American comedian speaks about the new slang term for NPR
	nipper (missed)
401. In the LU student health 101 web magazine what process is second in a list of five that may be right for you?
	Gradually moving along a continuum (missed)
402. What did a politician's personal translator give to the band whose sticker is to the right of Iron & Wine in one of the backrooms in the WLFM Studio?
	7 bottles of expensive Russian vodka. (missed)
403. According to John Flansburth and John Linnel, regardless of whether Person Man is depressed, desperate, or discombobulated, each leads to what?
	Cooking utensil masochism (missed)
404. Author of the books "Through the Fairy Glass" and "Fairy Tale Rituals" has a significant other. What does this SO say would be a good snack after having children perform a ritual about her favorite Celtic goddess who is a pig?
	Wheat toast with butter and honey (missed)
405. What is the name of the song that Stevie (who might be a bear maybe)'s band is covering?
	Danger Zone (missed)
406. Humans aren't the only mammals that purposely get high. Dolphins do too, only by chewing on toxic pufferfish. If you got a blazing dolphin illustrated on your body forever, what would it be eating?
	A burrito. (DROPPED; too vague)
407. This fashion designer is the former fashion director for a New Haven-based clothing outfitter that has recently closed its Madison Avenue flagship store. What is the designer's nickname?
	McNasty
408. From whom did Winifred Boynton receive a letter on May 5, 1961?
	Royal Norwegian Consulate Gen. or Melj Fathruh(total shutout)
409. If "You are in a forest" and you go LRLRLRLR, where do you find yourself?
	Kokohiro
410. Nova promises to take viewers from urban trench sites to the top of the Santa Susana mountains in search of clues to ...what?
	To where nature will strike next
411. In Edna Ferber's letter to the editor of the NYT regarding a new fence, what are the 8 places she suggests (sarcastically) would be great places to drown?
	North River, Hudson River, Battery, Park Lake, Atlantic Ocean, Park Reservoir, Fountains of Versailles, Lake Michigan (we were the ONLY ones to get this!!!!)
412. China exports 1.6 million ones of these each year. They sent counterfeit ones to a certain African nation: how many and to where?
	Ghana, 110 million. (missed and tossed?)
413. In a book written specifically for students in first through 8th grades in GA, when does Chris's teacher know he will be upset?
	(we didn't hear, but we didn't get it)

First Garruda:  What is the answer to # 24 of General VIIa in 1939 edition of Fred Garrigus's book, What's the Answer?

she's a nut, it's the berries, she's a peach
(ain't nobody got time for that)

Second Garruda:  50 point:  Immediately to the right of the sea coach docks beneath the aberdeen road bridge in freetown there is a black sign with white lettering, with a white arrow pointing left .  What exactly does the sign say?

Welcome to sea coach....

Super Garruda:  100 point:  In the final resting place of Copernicus, there are pillars with graffitti scratched into them, like   em is cool, dw is ok, what is the only music genre related graffitti say?

punks is not death













	



























































