1) In a comment card later pictured on a fence privacy screen at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City in summer 2011, what does vistor Tone'e from Chicago say they wanted to do when they viewed a Van Gogh exhibit on March 28 and why didn't they act on their impulses?
	I really wanted to take a big bite out of Van Gogh. I mean I just wanted to lick it. But I did 	not of course. Wouldn't want to sully the 	fine work or disgrace the museum

2) According to Larry Townsend what would be the only compatible sexual pairing
Ian has a brown left back orange right arm travis black and white striped left ankle steve blue right arm eddie?
	Eddie pees on Ian

3) How many logs of wood total are found on the resource cards in the most recent edition of Settlers of Catan?
	114 (missed)

4) This year's Trivia Grandmaster was once interviewed about his trip to Nepal. At the end of the article what is he heartwarmingly quoted as saying?
	Knowing that we're so well off makes me want to share part of that sunshine (missed)

5) According to Tom Haverford who will be our next president?
	Nick Cannon [Community]

6) A magazine with the articles "How to Dress for Success" and "Gets a Face Lift" had an earlier issue with an article called "To Eat or Not to Eat". What is the main article featured in that issue and who was it by?
	Buster Bluth (aged 10), "Why I Want to Marry My Mother" [Arrested Development] 

7) In 1810 the population of New Milford, MA was 638. What was the town's population in 2010?
	706 (total shutout)

8) In the Lawrence University video the Lawrence Experience, what 2 labels are on the petri dish holder?
	(missed)

9) What did the world's funniest man, according to Mark Twain, hypothesize was floating in space?
	cosmic meat (off campus shutout)

10) On the glass that came with Bazil's Pubs and Provisions January beer of the month 
what exclamation was written above the glass's only mammal?
	prosit (missed -- didn't get in)

11) What does the company that shares a name with a defunct 
LU student group asteroid 3.411 which was discovered by a man poisoned by detergent
share a wealth of knowledge and experience in?
	the art of paste making (missed)

12) Almost 2 years after its release what did Protest the Hero refer to their album Fortress as?
	 fartress (shutout)

13) If Neil Harbisson went to a funeral what colors would he wear and why?
	dress in B minor: turquoise, purple, and orange

14) In some Arthurian legends Merlin has a sister Gwendydd.
What mineral is her grail made of?
	topaz (missed)

15) On the back of bottle what is the uppermost text of Goose island 2012 Harvest Ale?
	Serve Harvest Ale in a willie glass (missed)

16) In the very opening of the movie White on Rice what is the loudest birdcall heard?
	screech owl (missed)

17) What are the nicknames of the props and makeup of the Kenosha Police Department Hallowe'en video?
	Dr. Destruction, Dedgar Winter, Scary Perry, Bearer 

18) Stephen Thrower's Nightmare USA contains a chapter on a film that Patton Oswalt references extensively in his album Werewolves and Lollipops.
What are the complete credits for the 1980s pirated version of this film?
	Copyright George Barry 1977

19) One of the most evil and ugly women in Europe staying in room 208 promises what to a young boy at 6:15?
	6 bars of hazelnut cream whipped chocolate (missed)

20) In a movie when Mrs. Frizzle asks if he ever exceeds the confines of the three spatial dimensions and the one temporal dimension, how does he respond?
	yes, no... (missed)

21) Only 1 member of original cast provides the voice of his character in all 26 episodes of NPR's adaptation of Star Wars. That character comes up with a different way to hide from the imperial storm troopers than is shown in the movies. What is it?
	C3PO and R2D2 pretend to be part of a droid lot

22) 	A reimagining of Star Wars Episode 6 that is said to be closer to George Lucas' original intent includes character sometimes referred to as Luke's actual sister and hints that Luke beheads Darth Vader. According to the author what plot elements make Boba Fett reasonably more cool?
	Killing Han, getting an arm ripped off by sand devils, joining the empire to avenge his
	arm, getting beaten to a pulp by Chewbacca (shutout)

23)  According to a columnist in volume Cxxx number 10 of the Lawrentian, what are the 3 newly publicized sequels to a movie that came out this past December? 
	a new hobbit, goblins strike back, (missed)

24) What specific objects and actions were recorded and used as sound effects beneath Jabba Hutt's movement and dialogue in Return of the Jedi?
	hand running through a cheese casserole and a muddy towel scraping along the inside
	of a garbage can

25) Although the ownership was disputed, Han Solo once lost the Millenium Falcon to Lando Calrissian in a game of sabacc due to a last-second rule change. What was the 
final set of rules and what was the losing hand?
	fig variatiion, star and demise (missed)

26) Empire Strikes Back 3 men provide the voice of Darth Vadar at different stages of the production. In the NPR version a 4th man provided the voice. Who are they?
	Brock Peters, James Earl Jones, David Prouse, Irvin Kershner (total shutout)

27) Ken Steadman who spent 12857 minutes watching the Empire Strikes Back over 3 months comically suggested what as R2D2 and Boba Fett's greatest fears?
		escalators, Jabba in the Princess Leia bikini (shutout)

28) The current owner of Lucas Film Ltd used one of their recently acquired sound bites in a recent film. What is the sound bite and what is happening in the film at the time?
	Darth Vader breathing, Wreck-It-Ralph breathing through a straw while hiding in a lake 	of chocolate

29) In a made-for-TV Pokemon movie what innovative move does Brock do "to deal with the fact it is raining"?
	Uses his frying pan as a drying pan

30) In response to a quote by a politician whose wife wrote a book with an elephant capotain on the cover, where does Jon Stewart propose he went to school and what was the school's mascot?
	Fictional University, Fighting Figments of Your Paranoid Imagination (missed)

31) In middle of a video showing people having bad dream during a Stony Brook lecture, the uploader is shown opening a music player. What song and artist is the uploader listening to?
	Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar (missed)

32) In a professional sports team from a Nordic country that is known for its celebrations after scoring, what does the player who is picked up by the other players pretend to be in the celebration of six players posing for a camera?
	a fish

33) What is the chorus of Taser Bill's rap inspired by Rodney King?
	Burning chicken, tweet, tweet, tweet

34) What rule does Mitch Gallagher say Allan Holdsworth is an exception to?
	the shredder rule

35) What is the name the art show named after the chief of coast artillery most recently buried at Arlington National Cemetery?
	Sacred and Profane (shutout)

36) In a movie that starts out with a man shooting fire out of his genitals, how does his son end up dying?
	eaten by cats (missed) [Taxidermia]

37) In the Nov. 26 2012 episode of Distorted View what dishes does the host admit to eating on Thanksgiving?
	ganoush babbanish, tandoori chicken (missed)

38) Page 1347 of the International Wildlife Encyclopedia is about a certain species. What was the old name tor this species? 	
	windfucker

39) Appleton rapper Netay
if you hold on for a minute then you recognize the hours slip away
What is the name of the song and the artist?
	Stop and Smell the Flowers (shutout)

40) What were some of the discarded names for the web series Sex House? We need 11.
	This Mold House, Nasty Manse, Bang Condo, Throb House, gently caress Barn, Orgy 	Location, Intercourse Condominium, The Coital Plane, House of Engorgement, Splooge 	Lair, and Bone Igloo
	
41) Some time in the 70s 5 brothers set a record for the most siblings in the same drum corps in same season. What is their younger sister's name?
	Heidi Beckman  (missed)

42) What was the dosimeter reading on the diver's equipment after leaving the spent fuel pool at the Leibstadt nuclear reactor in Switzerland on Aug 31 2010?
	40.1 MSV

43) On Feb. 10, 2008 who ran over Louis Mainard's dog Charger on Old Mill Road?
	Selma Cooter (shutout)

44) The author of a comic that's 7000 pages and another comic author are close enough friends to swap credit cards. The latter is the main character in a brief storyline on the former's website. What does his red shirt say?
	Batman is for silly little boys [Homestuck]

45) 	AP magazine said 2012 was not a good year for music because a bunch of shit bands got back together and because of what other reason? 
	Mr. Bungle are still disbanded (missed)

46) From what movie does Michael Swaim say he got the idea that Walt Disney had "that fetish where he loved to chloroform women"?
	Fantasia (missed)

47) Our Grand Master is  97 on a list of 150 by a man who coauthored a site with his Filipino friend. #97 has what punchline that we would all supposedly love?
	like a redheaded stepchild (missed)

48) What sort of look does the bolex h32 give models?
	kind of multi-eyed alien facial look (missed)

49) On the day Google had the greatest number of logos internationally, which event did not follow the pattern of all the other ones?
	Portugal National Day 2006 (shutout)

50) How many points do you need in the online game Globetrotter XL to advance past the 6th level?
	1450

51) How many grams of garlic comprise the green machine?
	0.05

52) Which animals are drawn on the circuit diagram including elections single file, 3 line capacitor, and a 666 timer of the beast?
	bat, electric eel, squirrel, scarab beetles [xkcd]

53) In Homophobia and the Law what poem hinges on homosexuals lure children and seal their doom?
	Pied Piper of Hamelin

54) What does Mike Kinsella say is his relationship to the restaurant that continued serve foie gras even after it was banned at that location?
	like a 20 pound relationship (shutout)

55) Why would you want to spend hours building an off-road amphibious truck?	
	If you're a serious do-it-yourselfer, you already know the answer

56) In the Journal of Biochemistry Hydropro  mesotetra(hydroxyphenol) porphyrin series photosensitizers 5,10,15,20 tetra (p-hydroxyphenol) chlorin
what is the extinction coefficent for the 418 nanometer peak
	143000

57) A biscuit baker wonders about the morality of beastiality. His friend has built a robot porcine. What do the body and head look like?
	a papier mache body with a realistic pighead statue on it

58) According to an article on a well-known satirical website about the dangers of dance music, what does the name of the more famous alter ego of harajuku barbie mean?
	three-way bed nasties (missed)

59) In the Star Wars porn parody directed by Axel Brawn, what is name of the female extra in the Death Star control room?
	Lily Cade

60) If godless Chinamen read Newton's Principia backwards, what Satanic words do they say 122 times?
	universal healthcare

61) In a video featuring the music of UKFdubstep the author claims to have played 102 hours of certain game while the screenshot shows 105. At one point Peppy Hare shows up with his most famous catchphrase. After that quote what are rest of the words in the video?
	smoke ev ry day swag overload #yolo (missed)

62) In the video PowWow Trail UW Madison student Dylan discusses Native American dance and music making. What is the name of the musical group he performs drumming and singing with? Spell the name.
	Midnite Express

63) During G4's top 100 video games of all time program, Brian Posehn wears a shirt depicting a famous film. Who is the star of the film?
	Kurt Russell

64) What does Kurt Russell's character refer to a character who's referred to as Tiny by his wife whose character name is Karen Carr?
	fuzzface (missed) [Unlawful Entry]

65) In a debate on the David Packman show between Shirley Phelps-Roper of Westboro Baptist Church and a representative of the hacktivist group Anonymous, the representative 
is represented by an image. The painter of that image worked with "Portland's most awesome weekly newspaper" to benefit Rafael House. What is the title of auctioned painting?
	betty white with a flaming chainsaw riding a john ritter centaur

66) If Walt Disney's last written words were indeed "Kirt Russell", whose church's pastor for 2002-2005 was written posthumously down by Walt Disney?
	Liberty Springs United Methodist Church (missed)

67) Kurt Russell is a real estate broker in a particular movie. What is the pre-recorded message for his work phone number?
	Looking for an easy diet with lasting results go to diet.com ... (shutout)

68) If you pay $2.07 more for the 2nd iteration product advertised in a 1981 commercial
referenced in a Kurt Russell movie, what extra stuff do you get?
	radio, batteries, 8 ft connecting cord (missed)

69) What Springfield (home of the Simpsons) landmark does the celebrity couple who met on the set of The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band resemble on Valentine's Day?
	Springfield tire fire (missed)

70)  What does guy who has a crush on Tiffany the waitress, Holly the barista, and Victoria the barista say that he collects crushes on women like?
	like some guys collect baseball cards

71) Who is the president of the micronation that fixed its currency to the cost of radishes in 2007?
	Oscar Ogusund (sp?)  (total shutout)

72) One Joyanna Adams's blog posts suggests the next Olympic sport. The two words on either side of the colon in the blog post is also the title of a 2002 book whose author has also written book about spies. What is the title of the 5th chapter of this spy book?
	cultural imperialism and James Bond's penis (missed)

73) What issue of what magazine did Edmund McMillen have in his car when he went to his 10 year high school reunion?
	Nintendo Power... (missed)

74) How much wood in feet does Alan Thicke need to keep Robin Sparkles and Jessica Glitters beavers fed all weekend long?
	136 feet

75)  What is the middle most track of John Greiner's album Shades?
	I Thought About You

76) An odd outbreak occurred in what is now one of Tanzania's states. What was it and what town did it start in?
	laughter, Kashasha

77) What seasonal beer won 1st prize at a pumpkin flavored contest six months before the brewery opened?
	Dogfish Head Punkin Ale

78) What is the Navy Pier Billy Goat Tavern not responsible for?
	loss or exchange of articles... (total shutout)

79) Identity that graphs a unit circle in a complex plane also has a font named after him. Who is the font designer?
	Hermann Zapf

80) What is the last song Tom DeLonge plays on his Taylor 814ce cock guitar?
	Stockholm Syndrome

81) The band opening for Lamb of God on May 8, 2009, had their set cut short. What was this band, and why the set stopped so early?
	Children of Bodom,  Alexi Laiho's broken shoulder made it too difficult to play

82) If you go to a Simple Plan concert or buy some of their merchandise, which two things are you combining?
	business with pleasure (missed)

83)  At a 2005 His Infernal Majesty concert Ville Valo said "Hey let's quit it" to end their single early. What was the reason?
	It sounds like shit

84) What is Ian Grushka favorite cheese?
	fromunda (missed)

85)  What did Blink 182 do with the guitar that Panic at the Disco gave them after 2009 summer tour?
	they threw into the Atlantic Ocean (missed)

86) What term did Good Charlotte use to describe their music in relation to getting
a whole wave of 14-year-old fans who wanted to hear "kind of a band"?
	a gateway drug (total shutout)

87) What did Tobin Esperance say in an interview before Great Britain gigs that foreshadowed a defecation incident at a Papa Roach concert?
	bring your diapers because we are going to rock the shit out of you (missed)

88) When Jack Bauer blocks out security cameras at a convenience store with shaving cream, what does the bumper sticker next to the alcohol in that store say?
	Old fisherman never die. They just smell that way. (missed)

89) This search engine that differentiates a variety of things features a wide variety of items on its home page background. If you click on the rabbit what does it say?
	max lifespan of a European rabbit (missed)

90) What is the default high score name in Ambrosia Apeiron?
	fungus mcflapjacks (total shutout)

91) In the episode of Breaking Bad in which Gus Fring is investigated by the DEA, what math does Jesse do to solve the problem he and Walt are having?
		Plus one douchebag minus one douchebag equals zero douchebags

92) In the year 83414219 aftter 3rd great re-implosion of all matter in the universe,
an identical version of Don Hertzfeldt's most famous film received what criticism and what use was subsequently made of camera negative of the film?
	Like watching mud burn, placed on the ends of sticks to scrub cattle tumors (missed)

93) What was total price to "go to the bathroom with Zorch," "squeeze Zach's face cheeks," and "watch Zorch sleep"?
	$106 (missed)

94) Who asked Randy Rose "Well, you know Randy the ultimate box set is pretty cool but is that all you got Randy?"
	J. Edgar Sokamoto (missed)

95) What is the favorite game of the inventor of Feline Gloves?
	Hungry Hungry Hippos (missed)

96) Led Zeppelin borrowed from a lot of sources according to Kirby Ferguson. The opening lyrics of the "Lemon Song" were taken from a song that shares its name with a mod of another game? Another mod of game has same name as the band that was used as the intro to "Stairway to Heaven. What is the name of protagonist of this mod?
	(shutout)

97) Which American state contains the greatest number of governmentally established plantations?
	Maine

98) This item turned into a musical instrument was exhibited at a June 2006 conference put on by the organization that benefits from freerice.com. What was the item originally?
	a gun (missed)

99) What book is available to read in the bedroom for the doll companions of the hoarder who shares an episode of Hoarders with the woman stuck under her own possessions for 11 hours?
	Lady Chatterley's Lover (missed)

100) A fiictional prison acquaintance of the lead actor in Ghost Rider asks advice about Huggies from a store clerk. How does the store clerk advise him to put them on?
	Around the butt and up over the groin area (missed)
	
101) In the book featuring the photos of Darlyne Murawski and Mark Moffett that is dedicated to the author's mother Inez Huddleston, what exitinct plant is pictured on page 217?
	New Zealand mistletoe

102) In the mundane driving game commonly used for charity events, what does not make sense about the vehicle's dashboard?
	The gas gauge is on empty

103) What does Derek's safety message taste like to James Wannerton?
	"safety" like lighlly buttered toast, "Derek" like earwax, "village" like sausage

104) On Nov. 30, 2011, the Novato police department performed a welfare check in eastern Novato. What was the subject concerned about?
	Someone in the Santa Barbara County prison was communicating telepathically with 	him

105) In a cut scene after his good friend's death but before he leaves work for the day, John Rochard says something that doesn't quite line up with the captioning. What word does he replace and what is the complete sentence he says?
	extraterrestrial, ??? (total shutout)

106) What was 1st major tragedy to inspire a "too soon" discussion on campaign
series depicting anthropomorphic nations?
	Moscow metro bombings (total shutout)

107)  In a supernatural fan fiction named after the only million selling Beatles performed cover song, what is Cas's favorite song?
	I Can't Help Falling in Love with You (missed)

108) On Aug. 31, 2012, how many e-books on Amazon were tagged "Fifty Shades"?
	641 (missed -- off campus shutout)

109) In Fiona Canterberry's color coded version of the My Immortal drinking game, green triggers in the first three chapters the drinking of how many shots?
	15

110) In the 1st Great Midwestern Trivia Contest in 1966, who was the Grand Master and what was the winning off campus team?
	J. B. DeRosset, no off campus teams

111) In a work in the style of Wallace & Gromit based on the work of a man who was born and died under Halley's Comet, what are the humans doing worthless and greedy lot?
	fighing over a bull

112) A blog whose abbreviation contains FY and is described as a "strea of concious" realized a book on 11/6/12 what phrase is on the cover beside the name?
	this spoken knowledge ... (total shutout)

113) In an attempt to address the popular saying about two different opinions about a type of glass, according to the web comic that answers hypothetical physics questions,
what would happen to two people sitting at table 10 seconds into the answer?
	shards of glass in each of their faces (missed) 
	
114) In a sequel to a Kongregate card game, what does the description of the "sacrifice builder" card say?
	this card allows you to sacrifice one builder to kill two of your opponent's builders

115) How do you build a tower of pimps in the correct orientation and what is the person dressed as standing atop it first according to official websites?
	4 gold blocks high, tennis Steve (missed)

116) If you're standing in an open field facing north at coordinates 300 -100, you move forward 1000 meters, turn left, move 100 blocks, go 5 minutes boat, move 100 blocks, turn right, go into a building, grab some bread, turn around and leave, move 100 more blocks, and press F3, what is the value next to the F heading in your debug screen?
	0

117) In the Minecraft mod featuring a corporation kidnapping Santa but losing him in a teleportation accident. players can explore Santa's workshop and see the naughty and nice lists. What are the two user names who have been on the naughty list twice?
	(missed)

118) Nunchuck bearded man features in a web series. The same creator made a minecraft mod featuring dragons. What was the first dragon introduced?
	Vlarunga (missed)

119) When a single cell inquires who Notch is, a friend goes to the library to find out. After finding a helpful book, he gestures to a book that really sucks. What is that book?
	Twilight (missed)	

120) In the heartwarming Christmas song about created snowman buddy, in a panning shot of all his other friends, who is the tallest human and who is that person switched with in the official desktop background of the same shot?
	Sam Stricken, Minty Min (total shutout)

121) How does Jelly_Lord describe the mermaids in Zoo Tychoons cheat thread?
	There are ONLY females, and they aren't gay. They do attack people.

122) Aside from being dead, why couldn't Peter Falk and Andre the Giant be in the Princess Bride reunion photo in Entertainment Weekly?
	They were partying with Rip Torn in an alternate universe at a wine tasting and skeet 	shoot

123) Which two countries are most guilty of Googleception?
	Tunisia and Albania

124) For a corporation whose motto boasts large quantities of cash ladies and entertainment. who wouldn't want to buy their products. For the holidays they
put out a video set in their factory. What are the 5 flavors of product seen in their video?
 	delicious bacen, brussells sprouts, chocoate oranges (missed)

125) McDuffs Pub in south Lake Tahoe has a beer named for the brewmaster's previous job at promiment American company. On the most recent label which 3 adjectives are used to describe this beer?
	viscous, chocolatey, bitter

126) Why isn't Kieran McGrath on speaking terms with his next door neighbor?
	He spat at one of his children

127) What does the Indian Superman do that the American Superman doesn't?
	he dances

128) What percentage of Numi's net profits benefit social and environmental causes?
	One

129) A certain chocolatier makes a coconut filled butterfly and hedgehog with cream.
Their signature bon bon shares the same filling as a special edition regional chocolate for a local musical group. What is the shape of that bon bon and what is its filling?
	fleur de lis, creamy hazelnut  (missed)

130) Where did Sprecher get their bottling line from?
	Old Coke bottling plant in Georgia

131) In a music video directed by a man who has written and acted in the American TV show The Office, what is the civlian casualty rate at irlibsyr right before cease fire at eschaton at enfield tennis academy?
 	53???084 (missed)

132) The man who discovered germs did so by delivering babies with handscovered in tissue from infected wounds, but  Hempel thinks he committed what logical faux pas in the process? 
	fallacy of affirming the consequent (missed)

133) What property generating mechanism does Hilary Kornblith argue delineates between natural kinds?
	homeostatic property clusters

134) A logician who metamathematical was once harassed by Nazi youth. What relation did the person who fended off the youth have to the logician and what did they use to do it?
	his wife, umbrella (missed)

135) According to Bertrand Russell we have to accept axiomatic system of inductive knowledge or else we have to adopt what of the what?
	solipcism of the moment (missed)

136)  In the graphic novel the man who takes 362 pages to prove 1+1=2 and the philosopher
who was influential on the Vienna circle but whose final cognition was misunderstood by that circle, when they walk through the snow what does the philosopher do try to explain something without language or thought and why does he stop?
	Whistling, he realized it's too cold for whistling (missed)

137) Lawrence University philosophy professor Tom RIckman was the advisee of 2 people at UMass. Use first and last names in ordered pair such that given x and y, x was tom rickman's advisor before y.
	(Fred Feldman, Edmund Gettier) (missed)

138) According to the author of a critique of the Computational Theory of the Mind (Searle) what was Russell, Freya, Ludwig & Gilbert the all time champion at?
	His dogs, best at catching tennis balls(shutout, missed)

139) Possible worlds with identical physical beings contingent ideas.  How pre-Crickey.  Using the blah-blah blah championed by which dweller of the southern hemisphere can we fix that?
	Brian David Ellis (missed)

140) In the first of Pierce's work  for a popular science magazine, he discusses pseudo problems in philosophy what opposing doctrines of philosophy does he discuss?
	Empricism and Rationalism (missed)

141)  In a passage by Russell, naming two philosophers and the school of a third, oddball platonic side associate what with what?
	Magic with pentagon (missed, shutout)

142) In the world map of Japanese Origin, with Russia having its boot on Poland, which animals are Turkey, Persia and Arabia?
	Cat. Horse. Tiger.

143)If B is gluttony and G is pride, what is BG?
	Fat men in a speedo!

144)  In a picture taken in the Czech Republic  in a European publication directed by Wolfgang what number do you get if you multiple over the counter cold medicine times the evidence number they're labeled as?
	10920 (missed, shutout)

145) A group of NY'ers claimed they forgot an article of clothing during Subways rides 3-6pm on A DATE.  What was the article of clothing?
	Pants

146) Human Opsin gene tuned to long wavelengths gene amino acid at position 277 was changed to phenylalanine what light wavelength in nm would the gene be theoretically tuned to?
	553 nm (missed)

147) Names of 3 birds share a non-common characteristic with 40 other non-extinct species get anagram "nursing mouthpiece"
	penguin, ostrich, emu
	
148) In a video of krazyrayray in the Cracked 64 List she got something at a little stand in alamoana what happened when the woman scraped it
	It didn't even come off (shutout)

149) In season 1 episode 2 of big bad beetle borgs what 3 notes did flubber play and what 3 notes came out?
	F B A - G E-flat C (shutout)

150) In a February draft of Anders Ekberg's "My Life: A Success Story" what 2 words are spelled wrong and what does he become?
	"they" "upwards" becomes ruler of the universe (missed)

151) What are the telephone and fax numbers of Keith Kudler Senior Vice President of Business and Legal at Epic records?
	Phone 212-833-5262 Fax 212-833-7398 (missed)

152) When they were about 14-years old, what did Stevo say Heroin Bob have nothing to complain about?
	Because he's a 7th level magic user (missed)

153) What is the full name of Scott Beibin's dog (SB is the head of blahblah Supreme)?
	blahblah tiptoes the yoga duck (missed)

154) Meat grinder comes from the waddlar descends from the chin muffler wheres does the standard cock come from?
	Wilted Cigar (got but we didn't get credit)

155) In the longest running webcomic by Andrew Hussie what does WB use as pawns for his game of chess in Can Town?
      Cans of Tab

156) What is Winnie the Pooh's review of Disney's Goin' Quackers album?
	A honey of a record (missed)

157) What does Dr. Winkum Dice say is the best spot for a tattoo on a woman?
	Center of calf (missed)

158) After Vector yells at Sonic for discovering Charmy-bee's dead body, rage builds up inside Sonic like what?
	The foam from cream soda going over the top of the glass like an idiot ass pouring it (missed)

159) What is the second rule for handling your Robotniks Bean Machine cartridge?
	Do not bed, crush, or submerge in liquids. 

160) Heedless of the dangers involved, Sonic never hesitates to help when he sees what?
	Injustice

161) In "Don't cry for me Mobius", what are the onomatopoeias in the first panel of page 2?
	Crank, bwang, ploot

162) When Mr. Tanaka is fixing lunch on a camping trip, what smelly thing which is completely foreign to her does Amy ask Mr. Stewart about?
	An onion (missed)

163) What is odd about the peanut butter and jelly sandwich that Sonic feeds to Tails' blob of a pet?
	It's odd because it has lettuce and tomato on it. (missed)

164) What is Sonic the Hedgehog's comic book cover gallery an introduction to?
	The world's most way-past-cool comic (missed)

165) What are the titles of the characters that together make "The Troll Slaiyers"?
	The Money Guy, the Gay, The Awesome, The Firepower, The Power, The Bastard, the Guy with No Ears, and the Sissy.

166) In Sylvin Chomet's "Triplets of Belleville" exactly one blimp has a famous phrase on the side. What is that phrase and who was the guest star on the Law and Order episode that used that phrase as its title?
	In Vino Veritas, Chevy Chase (got but we didn't get credit)

167) He has been called the father of the modern and they are called his strange children.
One work in this genre shares its name with McKinley supporters. What is this epigraph?
	What ho! what ho! this fellow is dancing mad! He hath been bitten by the Tarantula.

168) In Cattus Petasatus what are Thing1 and Thing2 named?
	Maius, Minus

169) After the detective questions the man whose mother was buried in a periwinkle blue
dress, he calls the missing girl's sister. What is her number?
	445 5124 (shutout)	

170) What is the caption for Jim Brandenburg's 6th photo in the latest issue of the Minnesota Conservation Volunteer?
	wolf skull on snow (shutout)

171) If Xerxes Devoured by Mice what happened to Xanxia?
	Her hologram went out with a blip (missed)

172) What 3rd line of a translated poem by Mahmud in a book 
with a cover design by Roz Chast having a sideways hammer and sickle?
	The family... (missed)

173) What animals are depicted in the exhibit titled "The Clash of the Titans" in the New York Natural History Museum?
	sperm whale, giant squid

174) A fairly popular Black Keys song shares a name with a Star Trek episode. In that
episode a security code for the Enterprise is spoken aloud. How many characters does it have?
	52 [Brothers: ST:TNG]

175) Who is featured in the photo of the Trivia Masters in the TRIVIA 42 documentary that wasn't a master that year?
	Chuck Norris (missed)

176) On the website for the artist Sean Terrance Best, what is the offer for his painting
"High Priestess of Machu Picchu"? 
	$8424 (missed)

177) One song title by band Mayhem referring to a murderer and his victim
can be turned into a URL by adding ".com". That URL leads to art page. What is the last thing the author on that page ate?	
	noodle soup with pork dumplings (missed)

178) What animal part does the eyes of an ASCII bug with a hangover look like? 
	an ape tail (missed)

179) In a popular RPG whose star is a plumber, which partner of the plumber's brother does not have a known species?
	Screamy

180) What does Algernon Cadwallader thank the Rock the Future kids for?
	shouting in key at their microphones (shutout) 

181) Exactly one tattoo appears in the video Magic the Gathering: A Professional Tournament. The tattoo is the logo of what popular game?
	Scattergories (missed)

182) In a video about making unicorns that's 2:29 long, what is the new name given to the 7th animal to be transformed into a unicorn?
	frost trollitron (missed)

183) According Ito why did Nakagaki go to Amigara?
	looking for his hole

184) What are the 1st 4 words heard after the 00:41 mark on the 2nd track of the EP titled "These All Suck" by the band Shouldersuck?
	Oh woe is me

185) A newspaper that once tweeted to be kind to seafood, disease resistent robots, Obama's healthcare plans, and anticancer fruits all in the same day said Coldplay had earned the tag of what?
	emo

186) According to Mr Montgomery Burns' blackboard 38.9% + 24% + 37.7% equals what?
	mine, mine, mine

187) What are Chipotle's official critical seven?
	montery jack steak avocado carnitas ... (missed)

188) According to the user who's name is a musical term meaning "dying away,"
what does George W. Bush say he did "just like Chuck Norris told me to"?	
	(missed) [morendo]

189) Iin a 2009 book that suggests Summersby, Legliddy, and Ugwob as suitable names for insects, what names does it list for whales on the following page?
	Hugh, Blodge, Barnaby, Hamish, Chumley, Murdo, Cham, Okum, Sump

190) Over the oourse of "Important Things" what does Demetri Martin get out of a capsule vending machine and what distinguishes it?
	a ring and blue gem (missed)

191) Who is immortalized on a blanket as Altoona area high school's top football player of 1965?
	(missed)

192) According to Michael Ian Black and David Wain, from what year to what year did Phillip Garfield attend Camp?
	 1973-79

193) What is the 1st song Mitch Kaplan plays while teaching about clarinet styles?
	When the Saints Go Marching In

194) What does Amir Blumenfeld under a different name say when he is doing an impression of a racist clown in a video  he made in response to a Craigslist posting?
	hey kids do you know what time it is of course you do you're Asian  (missed)

195) Why does Hadley get his deserved comeuppance in a 2012 horror film?
	Merman kills him (got but we didn't get credit) [The Cabin in the Woods]

196) In a land ruled by a farm boy and a kiwi, blue cows are farmers and yellow cows are beekeepers. What do green cows do?
	play maracas (missed)

197) A child star in Thunderpants once refused to write an autobiographical essay about a character he was playing in a later movie. What was his complete reasoning?
	I'm Ron. Ron wouldn't do that.

198) What dirigible is about 4x longer than the Graf Zeppelin?
	Spirit of Adventure [Up]

199) Mark Schneider submitted an ode on what topic to contest emulating poetry from a series whose 6th book was written by Eoin Colfer?
	A Slither of Spume (missed -- didn't get answer in time)

200) What is the 5th official utterance on top of Mt. Stupid?
	people love giraffe jokes (missed)	

201) In every episode of the Example Show the protagonist quotes lines from a play. What character spoke those lines?
	Murellus (missed)

202) What did Chris Wilson do when he didn't have his computer?
	he drew a realistic portrait of Vin Deisel in Microsoft Paint (missed)

203) On the back cover of the book Where's Evelyn there is a word missing a letter. What is that word?
	life (missed)

204) According to someone watching a guitar jam, how do people who play fretless guitar knows when they're hitting the right note and when is it a wrong note?
	they play loads of vibrato masking the intonation (missed -- thrown out)

205) During forbidden train ride through the hermit kingdom how many hours did Helmut and Oliver spend in North Korea without the government having formal knowledge of them?
	36 hours

206) In a version of a popular board game what card will force the fellowship to stay in Moria until the next turn?
	Balrog Dark Terror

207) Sporting a Franz Joseph with a soul patch and dental augmentation as disguise, what
does the colleague of the man whose initials are BG list as the people who remember the character BG is disguised as?
	us and Quentin Tarantino (shutout)

208) What did Politiico list as the votes for Mitt and Obama and 3rd party candidates in the state of Illinois at 23:00 EST on Nov 6, 2012?
	(shutout)

209) This card game in coming year is planning to have tournaments in Montreal, San Diego, and Dublin. What is the name of card from the joke set that forces its controller to play the 
from Whose Line Is It Anyway season 8 ep 19?
	question elemental (missed)

210) In a meme that orginated from Dragonball Z Colin Mochrie doesn't grant three wishes,
what other 2 celebrities make a cameo appearance?
	charlie sheen, topher grace (shutout)

211) In the episode of Whose Line in which Colin's impersonation of a bird saying a name makes Ryan break character, what does Ryan in the character of doctor say after turn your head and cough?
	Would you like to go out to dinner sometime?

212) This New York improv group that performs all its civic duties focus their efforts around monologists. In one of their shows what was George Washington selling?
	water beds (shutout)

213) How many episodes of Whose Line has the game "party quirks" has been played?
	129

214) In one of ShadowForceX75 videos what is the engineer equipped with when he says he's overprotected?
	(shutout)

215) According to Dads what did Scott do when he went to college for awhile?
	rage against the machine (off campus shutout)

216) Who won the earliest beer pong game and had a 16 game winning streak according to internet sources?
	Bartholomew and Judas (missed)

217) Based on exit polls if only white men had voted, which states would Barack Obama have won in the 2012 election?
	Washington, Oregon, Maine, Vermont, Massachusetts, Hawai'i (missed)

218) The practitioners at Body Work Inc differ on matters of musical taste. Other employees have blogged that Guy fills his MP3 player with what obscure musical genre?
	snag rock (missed)

219) In October Dewey from Detroit had a timer on left hand side of his blog. What was it titled?
	Buh Bye Barry

220) According to Bennett whose girlfriend is Mercedes, what will his mail order bride from Russia get as a tattoo and where will she get it?
	bennett is my daddy on her butt cheek (missed)

221) The year after 1st Green Bay Packers broadcast, a radio station started running a holiday show featuring a sprite and an uncle for 25 years. The show was never moved to TV. One character never spoke a word. What is the name of that character and their profession?
	neetik (?), santa's eskimo driver (shutout)

222) Who provided craft services for the movie Requiem for a Tuesday? 
	Wyatt's Lo Cal Calzone Zone

223)  On the cleansing punishment betting board what was midway between reptilius and the angry molesting tree and who bet on it?
	sexy witches, archives

224) Where does Constantino Tobio Jr keep his money?
	a coin purse made from a kangaroo's scrotum (missed)

225) The hex triplet color binary conversion gives the same number as the user id on the dating site silver foxes and naked daddies who describes his genitials in what culinary terms?
	a big mushroom head with a banana girth (shutout)

226) ile jest dloni na dwoca rekach?
	two (shutout)

226) Peter Jackson directed King Kong set in 1933 New York. The actor playing Jack Driscoll appears in another movie about a Jewish Polish musician whose director was also Jewish Polish. What is the name of the city containing the alma mater of the director of this second movie and pronounce it correctly
	Lodz (wudz)

227) What is title of the only movie the writer of Spaceballs and his wife made together translated into the native language where the movie was set?
	 by? albo nie by?

228) What town was the creator of Esperanto  born in?
	Bia?ystok

229) In the city containing 2nd tallest wooden structure in world has a museum. Who won contest for this museum's new logo?
	Nils (missed)

230) This summer the Trivia Masters wanted to see the salt statue of the Pope.
Micah Veronica and Ian want to go on individual tours. The rest of the TMs want to take the more religious tour. What is the total cost?
	849 z?otys or 869 z?otys (missed)

231) What is the name of the Polish vodka known for including hierochloe odorata?
	?ubrówka

232) In the Chicagoland school named for the author of Quo Vadis, which 11th grader won 2nd place in the 46th Adam Mickiewicz writing competition?
	Magda Wahowski (shutout)

233) What address in Poland would an extraterrestrial most likely be invited to land?
	4885 State Road 29, Poland, WI

234) What are the 3 features of the zombie stuffed animal owned by the creator of Johnny the Homicidal Maniac?
	attached but removable head, removable patch of fur, maggots

235) In the original zombie themed typing game in level despair, the first sentence suggests you use caution while pumping gasoline. What does the 2nd sentence say?
	Turn off your engine. Do not smoke. (missed)

236) Ben Yahtzee Croshaw random character generation feature video game less scrotum swinging action
what was Croshaw's humorous example
	Bumfluff , used tarps out of a van (missed)

237) When Shaun of the Dead fan made film summaries meet Scott pilgrim vs. the World style character introductions, how does Peter Serafinowicz' character get described?
	Shaun's housemate has more lines in the film

238)  In Dead Snow a character wears a shirt that depicts a movie poster. In the movie depicted in the poster, what is first body part eaten and what is it eaten out of?
	ear, a bowl of custard (missed) [Brain Dead]

239) According to the story whose cover features a man holding a sword standing on two women's breasts, what does 2nd base feel like?
	jelly

240) How long do it make to cocaine crack?
	By the sounds of things you should already know this answer

241) On a non-sequential 20-sided die, sum the faces that share an edge with 5,
add the sum of faces that share an edge with 5 on 12-sided die, subtract this number by Vizzerdrix' attack power assuming he's been enchanted with echoing courage. What is the result?
	69 (off campus shutout)

242) Using Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 rules, what is my heavy load carrying capacity assuming I have a maximum strength ability score of 12, am under a bull's strength spell, and am exhausted?
	100

243) On a Sunday in July 2004 a Granby Colorado resident went the townhall for a zoning issue. What is his birthday using the Discordian calendar and give the day of the week, day, month, and year?
	Setting Orange 15 chaos (shutout)

244) Stoutly built RT took a grain opium every hour and a regular drink of brandy. What was he doing during the night? 
	vomiting fecal matter

245) Zebulon Pike was floated all the way from Toronto to Sackets Harbor NY. What was he floated in?
	whiskey (missed)

246) On what date was the bassist known as "the Pig" charged with parking in a handicapped spot?
	June 3, 2009

247) In a satirical article explaining the life of a movie intended to tell the saga of life after the Passion, Ralph Reed was upset about the concept in which Jesus cuts down his enemies with power tools because of what?
	apparently some of the Jews escaped

248) In a small article published in a British newspaper on Guy Fawkes Day in 1788  says a group of revolutionaries will get drunk, light London on Fire, and get the firefighters drunk too. What does the author sign the article as?
	 Bob Booty (shutout)

249) In the event of a near future landing, according to I09 what would the difference between human and alien technology likely be comparable to?
	nuclear weapons versus sponges

250) Posted about a year ago Tumblr page called "party foul" has a grayscale GIF showing a white kitten pawing at man holding something. What is series name of what the man is holding?
	bren machine gun (shutout)

251) In An Inconvenient Anime on Meyer Lansky's slide what does it say he once had a man killed over?
	a three-dollar dispute (shutout)

252) When an actor credited with over 1270 films in IMDB made it to either 22 or 27 on the Billboard rap charts, what does he say happens when he "yanks it out his trousers"?
	all the ladies come running

253) Miss McCarthy describes a court case over an incident on Talbot St. The incident involved a cowboy hat, ass kicking, and a considerable amount of urine. What did the plaintiff say of the experience. Please use the exact language.
	It frightened the shite out of me altogether, Lord Jesus!

254) In the Latin translation of Metamorphoses book 10 by Ovid, vagina appears twice. Read one of those lines in Latin.
	pendenti nitidum vagina deripit ensem

255) An event for world peace held by a religion that believes humans were created by aliens scientifically, for 18 year olds and over was cancelled because of intense public pressure. What did a spokesman say the purpose of the event was?
	The purpose of the event was to try and bring world peace through mass orgasm

256) In the Guardian's contest for worst sexual passages in novels for 2012, which passage received the 2nd most votes?
	The Quiddity of Will Self, by Sam Mills: “ … oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, Will, oh, yes, oh, 	semen-bedizened blood-pusillanimous bed onanistic quiddity fulcrating pelvic thrusts 	smoke thick typewriter’s click-clack-click Will Our Cock is Spent screaming loving Will 	is pleased Will is Saved I have done it I have done I am the Chosen One I am his Chosen	 One oh Will for ever I am yours for ever I am yours for ever I am.” 

257) How many blind people lived in the state of New York in 1930?
	4418 (missed)

258) In a film starring The Jazz Girls and directed by A Wise Guy, what kind of dog is the man offering a free ride?
	a hound for punishment (shutout)

259) According to Bobcat Press' "The Joint Rolling Handbook," where is the magic carpet joint the most popular?
	North Africa

260) A man wearing a hat and a T-shirt showing a smiley face with duct tape over the mouth appears on Sobrietytelevsion to address the long-term effects of marijuana. What is this man's advice to someone who's trying to quit smoking marijuana?
	find a group of people who aren't smoking it and hang out with them

261) On the 1st day of Fashion Week, Hamilton tries to find a pretty model to take mushrooms with him. Why is he unsuccessful in this effort?
	the girls are all underage (missed)

262) Which drugs are discussed on page 81 of the Aug. 2011 Dive Training magazine article Rebreather Concerns: Diving and Drug Use?
	Marijuana, crack, amphetimines

263) What does Concernedmom on Twitter say about a certain member of the squash family?
	Cucumbers are just vegan sex toys and my family will take NO PART in that.

264) What is the address of Piffany's?
	420

265) The album Baseball charts  Max Bemis' transformation from a Dawson Leery-esque starry-eyed 16 year old into what?
	a weed-addled neurotic 18 year old (shutout)

266) What does bald dwarf's antler friend have in place of a passport?
	an ass port (missed)

267) Hermann Abert claims Mozart's clarinet trio in Eb is based on what original idea?
	harnessing the voluptuous clarinet with the melancholy viola (shutout)

268) According to Allen Wilnold what is the frequent issue with the slurs in Anna Magdalena's manuscripts of the Bach cello suites?
	they are placed too far to the right (missed)

269) Who suggested to Lionel Tertis that he take up the viola?
	Percy Hilder Miles

270) What item does Viola need to obtain to enter the witch's house?
	machete

271) What is Ivo-Jan van der Werff's final point in the conclusion of his viola technique book?
	 don't rush there is always more time than you imagine (shutout)

272) A violino piccolo has a part in the 1st concerto of a set. CSO recently played the last concerto of the set. When was the piece on the program following intermission first performed?
	Dec 18, 1986 (missed)

273) What is displeased conrad's complaint about the 1st fan fiction written by the author of 
snape/teletubbies porn?
	Magnito does not have mind control powers (off campus shutout)

274) YouTube user stanburdman's method of calculating a game's rating is by dividing the sum of scores by what?
	how many inches long the average whale penis is (missed)

275) What is depicted in both a sculpture at a controversial NYC museum and a photo of a young man's holiday garment that his pal's parents got him?
	deer threesome (missed)

276) What does Drupka Kunley have to say about a large penis in a discourse about sex?
	the mark of an idiot (missed)

277) With what animals did Thomas Grainger have sex leading to his execution on Sept. 8, 1642, in the Massachusetts Bay Colony and which of his paramours was it hard for 
accusers to identify?
	 a mare, a cow, two goats, five sheep, two calves and a turkey; the sheep

278) How would HL Chase tell his daughter, "sweetheart take grandmother this enormous sugar cookie in a flash, okay?"
	sweathard tick groinmurder disk anomalous woof shirker cockles hoe cake (missed)

279) From whence to whither does Callie the succubus period go and what is the closet year when the dates line up?
		Oct 6 - Oct 26, 2013 (missed)

280)  Bodybuilder Johnnybomb claims that who eats what and why?
	only dirt farmers, phaggots and serfs eat tilapia 'cause they like the smell of used 	tampons (missed)

281) What does the random irish interviewee say when Jason Calabry of Financial News informs him that Michael Flatley is really from Chicago?
	Fuck off

282) In ThanksKilling a simile is used twice and misquoted a third time. What is the misquote?
	at least her legs were harder to close than Jon Benet Ramsey's

283) In a short film Kiley Moore is a maid for businessman who's wife is out of town. What does her boss say to her when she asks if he wants his coffee and newspaper?
	please (missed)

284) What 3 words are in metal letters on the back wall of Cranky Pat's in Neenah?
	Sit dance giggle (missed)

285) albm godspeed you black emperor mountain goats
bench you if something 
the guitarist for this band said you should use a particular kind of speaker for small combos to have 3 attributes. What is the final attribute he says?
	Some big machete attitude

286) A 20th century Nobel Prize winner wrote an overtly blasphemous piece in 1863 to criticize the pope. What technology does he reference in stanzas 44-48 of the work?
	trains [Giosuè Carducci]

287) What adjective does Joshua Siebert use in an online dedication to his aunt about a park in Upper Mont Clare, NJ where he spent time with her?
	brobdingnagian (total shutout)

288)  What is tagline on the t-shirt of the Ft. Dearborn Frontiersmen at the 2012 Muzzle Loading Zombie Shoot?
	you only get one shot

289) A famous person who vistited the US only once gave lectures at Clark University in which he used an anecdote about a starved horse. What town was the horse from?
	Schilda

290) In Vol. 121 no. 21 of the Lawrentian what is the upperleftmost article tagline found on the front page?
	Get hooked on pot (missed)

291) What does Ryan O'Neal's character in Tough Guys Don't Dance say when informed via letter that his wife was having an affair?
	Oh man! Oh god! Oh man! Oh god! Oh man! Oh god! Oh man! Oh god! Oh man! Oh god! 

292) What is 1st of the health benefits of "Road's End Organics" dairy free shells and cheese?
	delicious

293) On Feb 7, 1987, Erica Hess won 1st place in slalom at the FIS world skiing championships. Where was the village in which it was held?
	Crans-Montana, Switzerland

294) According to a 1999 pokedex entry of a pokefactory
a certain pokegod is "capable of picking up its victim while scorching it with red hot claws"
its stripe is a color is of a creature native to what planet?
	(total shutout)

295) In an 80s made-for-TV movie about gamers what does the man in a trenchcoat say that prompts the response "That's pretty far out"?
	one of the players Robbie played with got carried away and killed him 

296) If you strip the fallacy of affirming the consequent from hypothetico deductivism,
what schematic or science are you left with?
	deductivism or eliminative (missed)

297) In Oshkosh you can pay $6 for half dozen or $11 for dozen egg rolls to be delivered to ones house. How much does the delivery cost?
	$5

298) In a shortened list of rules Mr Welch is no longer allowed to reenact scenes from what long-running TV show?
	Doctor Who

299) Which American folk singers had a song about the disaster referenced in the super garuda from 1976 contest Trivia XI?
	Peggy Seeger and Ewan McColl (thrown out)

300) Dr Steve Brule guest stars on a TV show whose namesakes play keytars when performing a song having only one lyric. What are the names of the sports in the video?
	yellow ball, iced canes, diamond bags, flight wheel, sand sphere, helmet touch, curving 	poles, no touch ball, felted holes!

301) When Buckeroo Banzai performs at a New Jersey nightclub owned by Artie Duncan. he sings a song for someone. Who does he say it's for?
	Peggy

302) The creature named for the fruit of eucalyptus obliqua likes what kind of movies?
	Vin Diesel movies [Gumnut the Koala]

303) Why would "doctor" Charlene Warner throw a bomb at her neighbor's house?
	their dog pooped in her yard

304) Take the number of pitch classes in Arnold Schoenberg's  suite for piano opus 25 and add one. What is at that number on Jason Pargin's list of reasons that Lord of the Rings is crappy?
	Liv Tyler's character is seen easily defeating nine strong supernatural beings, even 	though she is clearly a woman.

305) What DVD did Travis, who will explicitly never perform a legendary murder steal, receive for his 21th birthday?
	For All Mankind (missed)
	
306) What does Sharkleberry Fin say a school of fish is led by?
	piano tuna (missed)
	
307) A man who shares his 1st name with the blacksmith ...blah blah...
was killed by a custom made flying machine on Dec 9 1979. What was it shaped like?
	lawn mower

308) What URL is on the cover of the 2009 yearbook of the high school Steven Carr was principal at? 
	ourspace.com (shutout)

309) Where is b Rex roadtripping and why?
	California to visit his relatives and friends and stuff

310) In a comic strip with a character that interacts with a bear drawn by a cartoonist who would prefer worrying less about losing his pants
yeah hey help yourself to whatever
who takes something from the character and what is taken in the last frame of the comic?
	a bear takes his intestines (missed)

311) Tim Martin would not pay for a world record setting drink, either because of the price or because the ingredients make it sound revolting, what does he suggest people would be better off drinking?
	a pint of Abbot ale (missed)

312) Tripp Hall at UW Madison once featured a milk dispenser. What quantity of milk did it dispense per purchase?
	1/3 of a pint (missed)

313) The person who said "women are a that are a voluptuous size put some clothes on all that jiggle-jaggle is not beautious", when they make their favorite dinner recipe how do you know if the main ingredient is done cooking?
	When you throw it against the wall and it sticks [Honey Boo Boo]

314)  For a recipe in a book of Japanese cooking with a forward by Sir KCMG and named after a man who supposedly has more than 16,000,000 descendents, what are the two reasons you stir?
	to prevent scorching and to prevent lumps forming (missed)

315) On August 27, 1896 Zanzibar oversaw the demolition of the royal palace. Later they paid the demolition team in Indian rupees rather than Zanzibar rupees.
What would the sum of money amount to in today's US dollars within 5 dollars.
	$5577.75

316) Ibn Battuta was the most traveled person in history before the invention of stream locomotion. In north Africa he encountered a scholar with a remarkably large hat.
In what city did this encounter occur?
	Alexandria

317)  Kickboxer 5 something something with a rapper. What is this rapper's child's name?
	Sixteen Jones

318) A Russian movie based on a Rudyard Kipling story features an African animal that has gone extinct. What year did the animal go extinct in binary?
	(missed)

319) Which faculty member resigned in 1893 after being accused of heretical religious and political views?
	Thomas Elmerville (sp?) (missed)

320) What was #1 on the list of rules issued for the Class of 1914 issued to freshman in 1911?
	no necktie jersey or soft-collared shirt shall touch your scurvy neck

321) Who was clubbed by Appleton police at a Lawrence protest in 1936?
	Albert Haak

322) Lynn Hagee in 1957 was  campused for one week in Ormsby as a freshman for doing what?
	She ordered a pizza after 9 PM

323) What did Pres. Rick Warch say to set the record straight about the rumor in 2002 that Prof. Minoo Adenwalla cut paper into shape of an "F"?
	It was actually a rather elaborate D minus

324) What did Amos Lawrence say to his wife about Appleton citizens after his one and onlly visit in 1857?
	The citizens are very polite, and even those with whom I have lawsuits, have 
	expressed pleasure at seeing me here

325) Lawrence archives has collected the Trivia questions for 1991-2011 except for one year. Which year is missing and what was the super garuda from that year?
	2002, Who drove in the winning runs at the 2000 Busch Baseball Tournament 
	Championship game in Madison, WI?

326) What year was Russell Zelotes Mason officially named president of Lawrence University?
	1861

327) In 1859 Mary Phinney age 16 class of 1859 received a letter from a fellow student asking her for a date. How was that letter signed?
	yours in haste and anxiety JPM (shutout)

328) In a comic by Ryan Pequin what is the moon definitely bigger than?
	bigger than a car, like, for sure

329) For the animal named by Lazzaro Spallanzani 4 years after it was 1st discovered, what song was played as the wake up call on day 15 of their last successful mission into space?
	Slow Mist (missed)

330) The Slayer album God Hates Us All was released was released on the birthday of American writer whose name anagrams to minty lipreader yowls. What was this author's pen name?
	O. Henry

331) Daphne Oram had a piece of hers choreographed into a ballet. Who did the choreography?
	Seraphina Cansdown (missed)

332) Rounded to the nearest mile what is the distance of the hometown of the 
son's owner from the internationally known mall 60 miles E of Mt. Rushmore?
	4461 miles (shutout)

333) What do you need to make a nicotine inspired invention?
	one half milk one half lemon seltzer (shutout)

334) In Goodnight Moon, a picture on the wall of the room references another of the author's children's books?
	Runaway Bunny

335) In the Story of English documentary how would
Karl Rosendahl say if he felt bad in the morning and what would he say if he felt good?
	Low res versus, you know, high res

336)  My grey male 5 years old likes chicken  sleeps a little less than half the day
playful friendly, Ewho would he vote for in 2012?
	Obama

337) At the event hosted at Walker Open Field on Aug 30 2012 the video 36th on honorable mentions playlist advertises what on a paper bag?
	(missed)

338) In a cartoon about vases distributed by Jacques Kopfstein, what was the 6th animal that the magician makes appear?
	snake (missed)

339) A makerbot fan printed out a green octocat. What does he prefer to call it?
	octopussy

340) Between Thomas Decoud and a character played by Paul Soter how many times is the word "now" replaced?
	24

341) In what year was the artist whose cat drawings and paintings demonstrate schizophrenic mental decay orphaned?
	1910

342) A prominently gay talk show host tweeted that she wishes for two things: Cat Week came every week and what?
	a better title for Taken 2

343) How many printing houses existed at the time of largest cat-related disaster on
Rue saint-severin
	36

344) An alumnus has taught here for 25 non -consecutive years. According to a 2010
Lawrence Today, what did one student say about how he dresses and looks like and 
what do grandkids call him?
	unmade waterbed, paw daddy (missed)

345) A fashion website's URL concluding letters are related to the island state of
Niue. The 2nd most popular image at the site has a skirt with a pattern taking its inspiration from what?	
	a stained glass image from a French cathedral (missed)

346) What did Debra Wong read to discover cultural studies all at once?
	Cultural Studies (missed)

347) In The Dark Knight Rises what doesn't make sense in the room above the nuclear reactor when Lucius shows it to Bruce 
	there's a table that should fall over but doesn't  appears to float (missed)

348) What are 3 ideas Australians have ingrained into their heads according to Jeremy Clarkson?
	Eat, breathe, and herd sheep

349) The article entitled Complaint Discourse: Aging and Caregiving Among the Ju'hoansi of Botswana had a working backstage title. What was it?
	The Kvetches of the Kalahari (shutout)

350) In the video top child model of year staring a former top child model, what does the John Mitchell III article in the Saturday edition say Patrice Wilson is armed with and what word is misspelled in the article?
	armed with only his pajamas, feet (missed)

351) When Cenk Uygur says, "We really freak Hannity out. See I'm trying to convince your kids not to believe this," what does YouTube write instead for the subtitles?
	Area set contractor.... (off campus shutout)

352) Where did Tomas Kalnoky break his father's 35mm camera?
	Prague

353) City lies on the coast N of queenstown in same country
wants URL of its own name but it already belongs to someone
if the city were to give into that someone and build statue requested
what would the plaque under it say
	this statue was bernie burns	 (missed)

354) What is the name of the fish that flips out when hearing just keep swimming?
	Carl (missed)

355) In the parody by Joe Murray the Patty Duke Show theme song line "Where Patty adores the minuet, Ballet Russe, and crepe suzette" becomes what parasidically themed lyric?
	squirm the lower GI or the liver sac (missed)

356) In an image by the man responsible for wetriffs.com existence, a guy is on an online chat that charges one refundable penny for use while a girl looks on. What is his response to the girl's comment?
	but it could be my soulmate's butt (missed)

357) After scaling building and entering through the window of his boss Don's office, Manny has the option of changing the outgoing pre-programmed message on his computer. What is the 4th from the top?
	Whatever it is it will have to wait	(missed) [Grim Fandango]

358) Samuel L jackson has a cameo in a music video for a song with the same name as one of his movies. What literature is he reading in his cameo? Be specific.
	100 Bullets: Strychnine Lives

359) What was the name of the 3rd place off campus team in 2001 and how many points did they end the contest with?
	Electile Dysfunction, 1155 points

360) According to the Lord of the Rings trilogy, what day, month, year of the shire reckoning was Frodo
	October 6, 1418

361) What do Stone Cellar Brew pub t-shirts say on the back?
	Beer is the reason I wake up in the afternoon

362) While playing Settlers of Catan portable edition, what does Nick ask aloud?
	Who will give me one brick for one oar?

363) According to a Kennedy a man starting a fad of lazier type of homosexual
He couldn't vote for the President because couldn't respect his March Madness bracket
who did he write in instead?
	Casey Affleck [Happy Endings]

364) According to the liner notes for the album "what it takes to move forward," when was the album recorded?
	for too long over the course of the last two years (total shutout)
	
365) The programmer of the tool making the viral video "Justin Bieber 800 % slower" has a
number of hobbies. What kind of illusions does he make?
	anomalous motion illusions

366) this GA photog parrot 33 experiment 
has a flickr stream 365 project begins with tape on his face and his camera taped to his hand. What is taped in the final photo in the project?
	Everthing but his hands and face

367) In game where the player coached by differnet masters such as skateboarding rodent and a cat who may be royalty, what are the names of the levels including the
fuzzy creatures featured in another game by the by same maker?
	(total shutout)

368) According to the nutritional facts on imperial grade matcha ceremonial green tea from TeaVana, where is this particular tea harvested?
	Nishio, Aichi Prefecture, Japan

369) What is the appropriate spelling of arthritis according to the 1st track by Gil McRipley?
	(missed) [imdabest video]

370) What is world of warcraft? That is a question a famous TV show has attempted to answer mulitple times. One attempt suggested Leroy Jenkings as a hero.
Farewell my love farewell sunlight
in one of the primary but not common languages proposed for another answer.
	Shorel'aran Dalah'surfal Shorel'aran Belore

371) What 3 types of headaches does Napoleon Dynamite have due to his rap battle with Napoleon Bonaparte?
	(something), bifocals, the general shouting perfomrance headache (missed)

372) celebrity who hosted a TV show through the 90s
The TV show's theme figures in a massive 1564 chord mashup with over a million views
in the same video what are the singers doing during trivia's favorite song?
	Arguing where Africa and Sweden are on a map

373) In the official sequel to Rebecca Black's breakthrough hit, what are the 7 English news crawls from the LA TV news broadcast on June 13?
	deer kills man in hunting accident, shellfish allergic to themselves  redbox raises 	prices, etc. (missed)

374) OK Go video math problem
	2242 (shutout)

375) In The Room tribute what does John say to Mark's hot tub and TV?
	Hi hot tub. Hi Mark's TV.  (missed)

376) According to How It Should've Ended, what are the 3 status updates Superman made on Facebook after having posted just saved the day twice?
	I saved the day, just got back from saving the day, just saved the day

377) The proprietor of ferd f-teen thousand energy drink. What are all the flavors?
	Shocklate, Rawberry, Manana, Fizzbitch, Gun, Juice Springsteen, Women, Godberry 

378) On page 5 of the Jan. 20 1966 Tuscaloosa News John Chamberlain refers to a particular league. Scientific American article quotes past president of the league. Who was that presiWdent and what does he urge the league to do?
	Lionel B, something to do with whales (missed)

379) Why does GR Spirit of Vengence crackle according to crackle but not according to the actors in the film?
	Nic Cage is on fire, and (missed)

380) What object did the manservant of Tehol Beddict cook in a soup mistaking it for an eel?
	the sole of sandal

381) What was master zibzob's pet's name?
	dibdob

382) In the Pokemon parody flash game released Oct 8 2012 what does Tepig hope is not in the 2nd encounter treasure chest?
	He hopes it doesn't have another sad video in it

383) Who directed Barney Stinson's baby fashion presentation?
	McG

384) How many grams is h john benjamin's character in Hot American Summer?
	 426

385) A recent film includes 2 anthropomorphic doughnut police officers 14-15 are listed on a sugary scoreboard. Which 4 of those characters are not seen in the movie?
	Citrusella Flugpucker, Torvald Batterbutter, Sticky Wipplesnit 

386) When Sherlock Holmes discovered that Connie Prince died, what was her age and what did Insp. Lestrade say her age of death was?
	48, 54

387) What was Randy Pitchford's final score in his playthrough of Super Mario's Bros World 1-1?
	(missed)
		
388) When was the Asian Fusion restaurant suspended whose website shows wabash and adams?
	Nov. 13, 2012

389) How many grams sugar blue raspberry ring pop in 2012?
	11

390) In 1900 surrogate father died during race. 1st and 2nd place finishers
 in the race in which he died?
	Vegetable Soup, ??? (shutout)

391) TV Supernatural song plays as Bloody Mary kills her 2nd victim.
The same band released their 5th studio album the same day the key Fed interest rate was lowered from what percent?
	1 percent

392) What was the main course served in Needham public schools elementary level on Dec 7, 2011?
	Big Daddy's Pizza

393) Who signed Elrey jeppesen's 1st pilot's license and how is Elrey's name spelled (full name)?
	Orville Wright, Elrey Berger Jeppesen [should be Borge]

394) According to a single-word named web comic put on hiatus in 2006,
the 14 baktun may have destroyed multiverse because 2 characters killed god.
How did they kill god?
	they tricked god into changing into a pork chop and then they ate him (missed)

395) What is on Pumpkin's todo list before he found out that Batman lost his job?
	dress nice for first episode, avoid squib

396) What brand of boxers is Valeiro wearing when he has labor pains induced for over an hour?
	Tommy Hilfiger

397) According to Phil Edward's website what should you do to babies when they overheat so they don't get heatstroke?
	Put them in the freezer

398) In a cartoon inspired by night walks and a zine inspired by the Dalai Lama of cartoonists what is happening above tinker-bibbles?
	(shutout)

399) In a season 2 episode of Mongrels there's a trailer followed by a disclaimer that the
movie will never be made by BBC. In the credits to this sequel's trailer what does it suggest the viewer do instead of pausing the show?
		go out and get laid

400) What does the tombstone that Dibb sits on say?
	Wenf (missed)

401) In Dec 2011 a gull was spotted in NW Washington. What was it eating?
	deer carcass

=========================================================================
Garrudas
3 10 
1 30

1) 40 points
While shooting season 2b of Animal Planet's North Woods Law, the filmmakers switched camera A & B. On what day did that switch occur and what were the make and model of these cameras?
	Aug. 13, 2012, Sony EX3, Sony EX1 (total shutout)

2) 40 points
On July 24, 1969, the Apollo 11 command module was recovered by a US navy aircraft carrier. On their mess menu what appeared between buttered asparagus and hot spiced applesauce 242 days after splashdown?
	french fried cauliflower (total shutout)

3) 40 points
When Joram the Hedgehog invites 14 friends and family over for a feast, 16 guests arrive instead. How do the rest explain the 2 extra guests?
	one is baby John and one is his toy and not a beast (total shutout)

4) 100 points
Within a sculpture by Mike Sullivan, creator of the "sex life of robots", there is a building called "kino ironhole." What is carved into the pavement to the left of the word "lulu"?
	big unit jizzbot 31 32 38 40 54 56 61 66 77 81 91





















		





































	


















	























